Dr Rashmi Sheti India's Top
Dermatologist means savior of Bollywood
Welcome to these pimples on the skin of actors.
Why don't I look like them genetically?
I heard there is some treatment like this
Due to which even a big pimple becomes smaller
Maybe yes, I first think how much
Pimple is the one who has woken up like this so I can't help him.
I give a small injection inside. Acne
Fighting Face Washes Actually for Acne
are not good are good but one
Cheese should not be put on the skin at all
People go and say that I have got pimples.
I put toothpaste and I put lemon
How can the body have no pimples?
Heat is increasing and that becomes a reason
My logic for being your pimp was that
Anyway, if there is excess oil on the face then I
Why should I add oil and my skin doesn't feel it?
oh my god this is so dry and my
Oil glows and produces more oil
I started feeling that when I used regular oil
I started the habit of massage.
Get more benefits, this is our childhood
Right before applying oil before bathing
You should not do that because your scalp
It is very related to facial skin.
The skin will remain clean only if the scalp is kept clean.
And washing your hair every day doesn't make your hair grow.
Suppose if you are having dandruff for a week
Atalist Anti Dandruff Shampoo once in a while
You must understand that
If dandruff is an east then please whenever
Have dandruff and anti dandruff shampoo doctor
Have you given it to me or have you bought it yourself?
Use it every day for your clients.
What's the edge? Everyone started coming, but please me.
It feels bad when very young children come.
Yesterday a girl came in between my two
One Is Black And She Was Sen Year
The old general narrative on the Internet is that
People should check their testosterone levels.
raise a lot of people which is very sad
Started taking growth hormone and steroids
Smoking is very dangerous
Let's talk about how much effect the skin has.
If there will be aging, then there will be some effect.
Have a glass of wine if you want, but
Don't touch a cigarette we it's that
[music]
Bad guys, pimples and acne, not a lot.
This is a common problem especially in India.
According to our skin genetics
According to the climate we all should either
Have pimples or are getting pimples
But from one of the top doctors of our country
Listen to this talk of Hindi film industry
Their most favorite dirt mat is considered
The name is Dr. Rashmi Shetty but I thought
That friend, sitting with the family, this one
Watch the podcast especially if you like this
Your skin is also improving
Is needed if you are also getting pimples
First of all, don't take tension, my friend, it's science.
You have moved forward too fast.
A little knowledge of information is required
Don't worry, pimples are very normal.
Sit comfortably and gain knowledge from this podcast
Get this I'm Sure podcast
The quality of your skin after listening to
This podcast will definitely grow well
Sit and listen, absorb without tension
This podcast will improve your skin
to listen
[music]
After Mumbai's top dermatologist i.e.
Like India's Top Dermatologist i.e.
Bollywood's savior Dr Rashmi Sheti
welcome thank you thank you this pimple
It is not only about India on special off TRS
but probably one of the biggest in the whole world
Do you have a skin problem or this episode?
In the beginning I would like to say something then you
You can also say something in response to the doctor
According to my perspective pimples today
It is a very common problem in this era.
People take too much tension about this
People are insecure about their own skin.
But so many people have pimples
already in our atmosphere
A lifestyle in food in climate
There are some things due to which every
Someone's skin is getting affected first.
I would like to say, don't take too much tension.
It is a normal problem and will be solved by science.
Listen to your body and listen to the doctor.
Listen, Doctor Rashmi Shetty or me too
She wanted to say that Pimple should be removed from the skin.
Leave it to him, he has skin problems.
Don't take it to heart, we are definitely in the mind.
Don't Take So Like You Said That Confidence
There shouldn't be any effect, it should be sad.
He doesn't need it, it's a skin problem.
On the other hand, give him the same importance, yes.
But that doesn't mean you don't treat.
Will be treated nowadays and his marks will also be less.
Will it be done or will it be erased, which one?
We will see as he is in the stage
So the complete cure can come out completely.
If it is possible then why would anyone be worried?
Is this going to happen or not?
It will happen and because of this there will be many more problems
Isn't it a little bit of hormones?
There may be an issue but it is very easy these days
To find out, we will do some blood tests.
They will find out the hormones.
Will be fixed and if it is hereditary
There are some things and treatments for that also.
which to which to reduce in great quantity
Could be hereditary meaning
If parents also had pimples in their youth then
Pimples may be in your genetics
can but they can also solve
Doctors correct so we usually when you
You go to the doctor, we are in history.
Ask whether your parents had it?
Your siblings means you had brothers and sisters.
Can it sometimes happen that Mama
And papa will not be there but mumma's sister
Or father's wife may give them this gift.
It can definitely get into your jeans.
Yes, this can also happen sometimes.
They say yes my sister has it but this much
It is not much but if you mail
If you are a child but you are a man then yours
If testosterone is high then it is because of this
It is becoming more visible in you.
Yes yes and there is a girl in it so much so
You may not be able to see it in the family.
If you have acne then we can say that your acne
It's definitely not like that but it's possible.
That could be the only reason in the family.
Hai yaar e kitni ho hoti podcasting one
Of the Highest Paying Generations is for Multiple
There is no technique behind this even at levels.
There are some hacks, I admit.
that if you
youtube0 learn how to podcast
How do we start then your brother Leke
A coaching based course has come from Basic
up to advanced level if you also want your own
Start your podcasting journey
So this is our special babous
Podcasting and Course Link Down Below
Yes, I know how to join the media industry.
Later I came to know that especially on
Screen professionals are uber
Actors, TV stars, all these people
Look at the skin as a tool, like a
The car is maintained in the same way as their
Skin also has to be maintained.
Want means regular derm's
There are visits in his life.
It was a routine that I would go to Dermatol every month.
The general public does not know that I will go to
The value of Dermat is that you
Basically my skin is engineered and I am fair.
To or or or first let me ask you this
I would like as many media people as you have
Actors come especially when we have this skin
Talking about maintenance
First of all I would like to ask whether
Actors also get pimples
Off course because actors often have pimples.
I can't see it, hey, even the doctor would have noticed it.
I have a pimple on my face today.
Here it happens to us too, it happens to everyone
A ok on pimples, these on the skin of actors
Why are pimples not visible?
What is the meaning of these people doing treatments?
I heard that even if you get a pimple,
There is such treatment in a day
Due to which even a big pimple becomes smaller
It is possible
If yes then tell me all this especially which is Bollywood
What kind of treatments are TV people giving?
comes for
So three things are very important for you to think about
Why don't they have pimples on their faces?
Why is there no pimple on the actor's face?
Most people are prettier than before
That's why he is in that profession and his
Good skin means genetically.
genetically good because we are so
Just talked about genetics
genetically they have good skin
Ultimately he should be selected and come there.
That's why they go, the second thing is that those people are very
They pay attention to their general health.
Those who eat and exercise are those who
Think about small things every day, remove makeup
He wakes up at night and washes his face in the morning.
His scalp remains clean.
The internals are also clean because their
profession is more important than their skin and hair
is related exactly
So they all care that's why there is no pimple
It's not just that he adds cream.
That's why their lifestyle doesn't suit them either.
If it's so clean then it doesn't make sense that it could be another one.
Gaya ji third whatever we say doctors
If you touch his face three times, he will
Who among us actually does this?
It's like if we go to the doctor
He said three creams so we searched
After doing this, remove two creams from it and
We do half the prescription and then
Wondering why you didn't do the work?
we get busy or forget and
If the doctor said three times, you could choose one
If you do it again and again, all this won't happen.
There is a lot of discipline in his life, let us sleep.
There is mechanical discipline and the skin is like that.
You said it is a very important part
That's why he takes so much care of her
Those three things are very important genetically.
How you present yourself genetically
How are you? No, I didn't talk to anyone that day.
one like that
What will be your basic canvas?
Your lifestyle means lifestyle.
what you're eating and the exercise you're doing
Those who are taking stress in life are sleeping
At the same time it all means lifestyle
Third is how good is the skin and scalp.
Since you are taking care of them,
These are three important things which every actor
does it very carefully a Suppose if a
Is the actor debuting or is he doing well?
He has acne before his debut
Marks are those which turn into holes in the face.
But because of acne or if they still
Acne occurs frequently because 22 years 25
If day boys occur at the age of one year, they
Their hormones are still young anyway.
Also have some teenage style hormones
Pimples haven't settled if they come to you
If I go, what kind of treatment will you give? Okay, I will.
I'm smiling because it's so much
The directors are bringing us production.
The heads of the house come and say that this
He has a lot of luck and obviously like
You have said all that here 22 25 26 judge
It happens when we all get pimples.
Neither one nor the other comes and says that you can do something.
Do it, it's in 10 more days and in 5 more days
It's like that, so how many days do I have that account?
I am ready for treatment
I will do whatever you are saying Pimple.
It is difficult for an actor to be a pimple.
This arises because those people are suppressed
Jiji covers pimples with makeup.
Or I will tell you one more thing
First of all it is very important for everyone
Understand that they also have peepal
but they have makeup artists
Let's press them and there will be lightning.
in which he can remain silent comfortably and thirdly
There is a thing called post production.
Those people will clean it for you
If you don't even know then don't think so.
Hey man, I never knew actor.
Why did ji ji come and you know don't follow this
Pado Is What I'm Trying To Tell You Back
When the question comes to me,
I have 10 days so I think first
What a pimple that has arisen like this because
It is very difficult for an actor to suppress the camera.
It's only a day or two through me or makeup.
So I injected a little inside her
I will give it to you in one day.
If you are married then it will completely suppress you.
If it is a big event then you will feel like this on that day.
When acne and pimples appear on your face, you
Going to the doctor, that's all an injection
If the doctor knows, he would have given that injection.
He is completely buried here and I am also here.
I would like to say that ma'am is very advanced
Dermatologist and a top
is a dermatologist and a specialist in dermatology
There is a thing called Art of Dermatology
That is to say, Madam, Virat of Dermatology
Kohli is there but if you are a normal person
Went to a dermatologist whose career
It's a good start and that's obvious.
You will be qualified so become a dermatologist.
This is a matter of injection.
Isn't this a skill based Virat?
It's like Kohli's cover drive so
Should go to a dermatologist
These random skin clinics
Who provide the same treatment for less money
don't try to save money
Find qualifications and if possible
Look for the experience because that's what
Treatment or injection treatment
Yes, it can also spoil your face.
Due to pimple, there may be a hole there.
If it is in the correct dose and correct plan
If the injection is not given then there is another one in it.
You may get a white mark if you are very
carefully as they said medicine
We say practice because now as many
The more you practice for a year, the better you get.
You have that much of your own experience.
Teaching is very important.
Only a skin expert will say aesthetic.
If the clinic asks you not to go to all this
Please ask about the doctor's qualifications.
Don't be shy about the word inflammation
I would talk a little
If you look at the English word inflammation
If you check, flamen means fire, it is just heat.
When I say it's normal, heat in the body
They say that this is why this is happening
That's what is happening to him in simple lemon terms.
If I convert, it's just the heat of your body.
The heat inside is bursting, yes that's it
Mommy Masiya says the heat has increased
She is a very good girl, there is some truth in her, so
It is said that perhaps eating spicy food can harm the body.
Heat increases, yes, this is a whole separate section.
Maybe in this episode that in food
What should you change if you have pimples?
Are not because I around me
I also watch, meaning those who play football with me
Media professionals are playing
There are pimples on his skin but
When I say with them after football
When I go, they make a lot of mistakes.
Has been on diet and his profession is on it
Dependent but still making mistakes
I want to tell them but etiquette means
That manners teach us not to say
no one should give knowledge to anyone
I just want to give it
You will save him, yes, meaning and mentality.
That's why I want to give you some advice.
I want it but I'm afraid I won't give it.
Because when I had pimples earlier
A lot of people gave me advice then
Had and are getting pimples because of your
I often have inflammation inside the body.
Noticed that if your body
If there is inflammation then you are angry anyway
If you get too much then you get very triggered.
You become this when someone gives you unwanted advice.
Is giving hence means reason for empathy
means to hurt another's heart
That's why I don't get tired, everybody.
He says what happened? Hey son, what is this?
Everyone has a prescription so get tired
Inflammation occurs in many different regions
It happens because of dot is the main region of me
I wonder why there is anything other than a diet?
Is there any inflammation in the hormonal skin?
Get angry like you said simple language
That inflammation occurs in me or you are out
You are putting something wrong with make up make up
Maybe the cream might be what you are looking for these days.
You guys are all looking for creams on the internet.
whatever star you are buying said blogger
Did he say that the package looks good?
You are buying the cream accordingly, not the right way.
The right way is to go to the doctor.
Look at your skin, look at your age.
Which city do you live in and what is the humidity like?
What is your problem after seeing all that outside?
After seeing all this, the doctor will give cream.
Yes, this is the correct method. We have left that aside these days.
If you are buying everything on the internet then that too
Scrub can make the skin angry
You are doing it, Lord, you are doing it, if you have done all that then
The skin is redder than that because of someone.
or irritated or very dry or burning
After putting something it means skin.
he is angry and he is inflame
If it is cooked then it may look like cream on the outside.
We discussed that the brush could be a sponge.
Maybe what you use while applying makeup
What you are doing is putting food inside.
or your scalp may become dirty
It can also cause skin inflammation
Druff Dandruff Very oily and I
I have seen a lot of people right now that
They come and tell me that we don't wash our hair every day.
Because washing your hair makes your hair frizzy.
Washing hair and keeping scalp clean
If you don't have hair then you guys would go to the gym every day.
You live life, you run, you run.
You go out, you come in, there is pollution.
There is humidity, it is very important to wash hair.
Otherwise that becomes the reason for your hair.
The plus of falling and getting pimples is us and that.
It is very important so all these small things
Things to eat sugar again that protein
The powders that you guys take are all these
Can inflame the skin? OK
Then we talked about that elder person.
Can you give an injection for pimples?
Apart from this, what else is young media?
Young media professional among professionals
I have such a dirty scalp because it
People use this product and that product
So Pimple can come here ji ji or ya
A pimple may appear in the hairline.
And you are still very young and
Imagine you haven't bought a car, just don't.
If you are using a bike then wear your helmet.
If you are interested then let us tell you the meaning of acne mac.
The pressure of the helmet is here and there, isn't it?
Because of that you may get pimples.
Are you using any bike among the people?
You are using a tennis band and you feel
You are getting more here and in the hair line
There can be two reasons for pimple, there can be one reason.
your scalp is dirty don't you have dandruff
So there is something, he is pressing like this, you are pressing
Atlee is suppressing or there is such a rub on him
If it has been here then it is not clean, not clean
Your helmet is like a sponge isn't it?
Something inside contains your own sweat
Sometimes it becomes dirty without knowing it.
Those spray sanitizers are available during
You can use that otherwise a small one
You can put a tissue on top of that.
If you put on a helmet, your sweat gets on it.
It will get absorbed then you can take it out.
Throw away pimples due to pollution too
are off course off course because
When I go to Delhi or Mumbai
And here in these two cities I specially
I saw a lot of pimples on a lot of people.
That means people also take care of diet.
It is clear, still there are some pimples.
Must be something in the air or maybe it's today
is the reality of
What many people don't know, which many people don't know
A doctor who does not address pollution
How can we combat pollution?
If you are off course now then you have to fight a lot.
It is difficult but that particle dust all this
We can avoid it if you bike
I am going out or going out in the train
you are going out you know
If there is dust then cover it with a scarf.
Cover yourself or that muslin towel
It comes down to covering your face or Covid
We have all been taught to wear masks.
So you put on a very light cloth mask
So this place which we call
Seborga is more athletic that place you
If you cover it up a little, it will irritate them more.
If not, then larger particles will be covered in it.
You have become a small and dusty person from here and there.
You can't cover pollution no matter what.
He can come what does he do why we
Oxidatives are afraid of pollution
increases stress
I mean, any reaction happens, anything happens.
If you breathe into the reaction body, something
The body is reacting to oxygen.
Chemistry is happening inside the body
Exactly a chemistry factory
I am thinking, eating everything, eating it.
Chemistry is there to digest, breathe it in.
There is chemistry in taking it, yes you are there.
Chemistry is there, Sun is coming, so why not?
My skin is doing it, there is chemistry in it
Yes, there are two things in all this, the first thing is
Oxidative stress is that chemistry.
If that were the case, free oxygen radicals would be released.
The more it happens, the more we like it
He is like an innocent child.
If you keep holding it, it will destroy everything.
If you are around then you can imagine it.
yes, we call it oxidative stress
That means all the chemical reactions taking place
You are there inside the body because of that.
Product coming out with foul smell
Because of that smell in the body
Problem happens Problem happens
What is that problem? Inflammation ji
So due to oxidative stress
Inflammation Body heat is increasing or
Body's anger is increasing as you said
If there is inflammation then inflammation is happening.
Pigmentation can be caused by anything
Pimple Aging: We are only talking about skin.
Hair is falling, everything can happen inside.
Organs can also be damaged i.e.
Oxidative stress inside your body even while you are alive
There will be stress on offcourse if you
You are living a clean life by doing yoga
you are living well, eating your food
You are taking care, you are taking less stress.
Take the place where you live
This lifestyle is less pollution
There are factors, don't they, old people say?
Live a healthy life. Live a healthy life.
If you are living a healthy life
Oxidative stress is effectively reduced
a little bit of oxidative stress
He has his own mechanism in his body.
Absorbs him to his heart's content
If it is too much then the same will affect the body.
There is a mechanism to absorb it orally.
You can take supplements that reduce oxidative
Reduces stress and as you
Told you to think about your own life
What things can I do that will cause
The damage that is coming out of me
I can't control him, how can I?
I can handle that athlete
Jump up, don't stress me, that's it
Something that you can control a little
I would like to say something unrelated that actually
is necessary
I have a friend Cecilia Old Nee She
Swedish, lives in India from Sweden
On the show I asked him which
Bollywood stars look good on men
Bollywood stars are obvious names
He actually didn't like that one.
So I asked him why are you like this
If you are wondering then that is his own age.
Think is in late 30's so he said that
I have seen that some people who are in their 20s
were very handsome and very good looking
With that age his skin won't deteriorate.
but a little glow went off his face
gone in my opinion scientifically speaking
This is what happened to all those people when
People say that the light on the face has gone away
You don't know what the difference is now but when
Whenever you see sadness in someone's eyes
is when someone's skin looks a little aged
Sometimes more than their age I think
Scientifically speaking that's probably oxidative
due to stress or oxidative stress
There is inflammation, there is a lot of lifestyle.
Very important no matter how much we say, your
Mama keeps yelling at you on the phone.
Don't look, go to sleep on time, wake up on time
Eating on time is so important above everything else.
After doing research, we have to come back and learn from the book.
It's the same thing that mom is already reading.
She was saying yes, I know this might.
Sounds funny but please what parents say
Teenagers, pay attention to that.
What can happen? It's not that everything is possible.
Listen, I am not saying that I am but you.
Pay attention because otherwise you will get this
learning back the hard way
I think it will be a lesson in teenage life.
There is a phase where your automatic setting
Or no, I just don't want to listen to mom and dad.
There are many people who also joined me.
it happened to you too
Yes, I also think so
About a lot of things in adolescence
I haven't heard from mom yet, I'm still hearing from her.
Exactly now because it is in science
Packaged and you will get two-three rupees in US.
After seeing the research they said back
You're Listening But It's the Same Simple Thing
What is Sarke Yan Rhythm and what time?
What time do you wake up and what time do you eat?
What time do you eat and what time do you sleep?
You exercise according to the time.
You can set the clock of your body yourself.
and according to the clock
That's why you are walking without disturbing
your body
its function or to secrete hormones or whatever
Do that too regularly, you will disturb her.
If you do, everything will go wrong, that's why
Wake up on time in the morning, wake up on time sir
Carian rhythm is fine, eat food on time.
Eat your food on time Sir, your rhythm is fine.
So first you give discipline to your body and
Live from one niche and then from the body
Think about what you are putting inside.
did so many of us
There is no problem G G G OK
Sorry, that was a base level question.
breaking up with so many things
But getting back to the subject then your
A debutante has come in front of you.
You have solved the big pimples and then you
talking about oxidative stress
How were they causing oxidative stress?
Is related to this patient, so this patient
Why is there oxidative stress because it
People also have to do immediate or weight loss
Have or have to look perfect and stress
Isn't it my debut hai my god stress
How much can it cost me 10 thousand things
Have to do my fitting, this is that.
If yes then maybe my sleep is less so that's why all this
Oxidative stress can also be caused by
So just to break if a new actor or
The first thing a debutante got is acne.
I see you have three days sometimes
So I would give the injection as I said.
I am the magic injection in which it sprays.
It's done, she can shoot the rest of us
Will see you later after the shoot or with you
If it's a week, it's three days. It's a week.
Both in this I start your antibiotic
I will do it because the pimple has become so big
That means there is an infection, so how much am I
For how many days will I give antibiotics?
I think about all that according to each case.
I will give antibiotic and then anti with it
I will give you inflammatory drugs, that's why I said
Important to reduce oxidative stress
So I am all about supplements and lifestyle.
I will tell them to reduce oxidative stress
Sometimes I follow as much as I can
I would say 6 hours or so, that would mean an hour.
No, that's why we have supplements.
So they give supplements there and then these
Clinics perform certain procedures or sometimes
What happens is that we do that clean up and that's it.
If you release it, treat it more quickly.
Once done, we just do the extraction clean up.
please do this thing no matter what
Do not do this in the salon because of this and
Infection may occur if not treated
What is this clean up? Think about it.
Why do pimples appear on the face and where do they come from?
yes, you tell me
Yes, there is an oil gland on the face.
The one who makes us all feel oily
Because if there is one gland then it is a small gland.
and on top of it there is a mouth from which
Whatever oil is produced, it throws it out.
Mouth is our pores, that's why you have this.
This place has more knuckles in this place. This place has more knuckles in this place.
The knuckles are low, aren't they, not at this place, you, you
I don't understand you because here
There is beard butt if you see female skin.
We don't have much time left here.
Remains because there are more acne glands here
If there are more oil glands then it
If I close the oil gland and
Why can it be closed as you said?
Pollution dust may be thrown on the face
There may be makeup applied on the face.
The cream can be your own skin
Sweat can be all this and still be skin.
Dead skin can grow on it
If it is done then what will happen if it is closed?
Secretion is still going on inside the closed gland
If oil production is going on then it is so fat
The water balloon will get bigger and bigger like a balloon.
If you get fat then what will you see white?
Head
If you can see this white head's mouth
I opened it up a bit and the oxidative
There is stress in this too and it is what it is.
If there is even a little garbage, it becomes a black head.
We and on top of that I have inflammation so this
Right now there is a black head and there is a white head, something is sitting there
One who should not sit should be empty
If you want to sit then what will the body do on it?
If he reacts then we will tell him
While reacting to inflammation, the body
That fighting salesman has also arrived.
He pulled the water along with him, he pulled the fluid
When I took it, it became tense and painful.
It started happening and sometimes there was pain inside too.
Looks like cystic pimples speak inside
It is also closed, it is also opening, it is also
Is Hurting and on top of that I just
The germs on the face have also caused infection.
If he is a germ then it will affect him.
Right now this whole big red one is crazy.
It's a pimple, it's a pimple, yes, it's a pimple.
Whatever stage of the journey you catch it
You can go to the doctor and get treatment
Yes, and at what stage are you going to see the doctor?
Present yours accordingly
Treatment Doctor, what should I do?
You made a product spot
Character I did this literally last week.
I saw that a pimple was forming here i.e.
Pimples also have stages and when they
If the size of pimple is increasing then
If you take care of it then you get a big pimple
won't convert into that actually dab
The action goes to that spot character of mine
think sal salic acid is sal salic
What is acid and I wonder what it is.
What you talked about would kill the germs.
stops its growth in that area
Static is Bact, Static is Spot
What can be a spot character in a character?
Your homemade spot corrector is turmeric.
As I said, okay, that's your home spot.
character
He is the spot character of Chandan Ghar.
How will you use these two things?
Don't bring powder because sometimes you know
It doesn't matter how pure it is, it is not pure.
If it is then it will not work at all and these two
You can cook this cheese well at home.
If you make it, keep it in the fridge and
Apply it on your pimple and let it dry.
That amazing natural spot character is the second one
Multani which is available in the shop is Multani
Mud is calamine lotion, that's it.
There is a little chemical but it is very harmful.
No, it is all naturally extracted.
So you can enter that spot character number
Two done for example and in that too you
If you want to go one step further, you can try Salicylic
You can take acid, you can take tea tree oil.
So all this is this BHA so these people are this acid
It is a type of oil that reduces the oil in it and
Postponing Germs Is That's the Right
Word Stop Growing Pause Exactly That Pause
If it does then you can use this but
It is very important to you that his
Seeing concentration and good company
buy because otherwise you a lot of people
Come to my clinic do something of your own
So after making a spot corrector, one also
There it is, it gets reduced a bit.
If you put a red color in its round
It becomes like a dot because you
It burned the entire skin with water
Skin may get spots because of all this
Acids are Sulfur are Acids
If there are peroxides then you can call it
If you put it, your skin may get burnt, that's why
It is very important for you to put that only for you.
Very light above the pimple's mouth
Don't take a big fat one and put it in.
If there is spot corrector then I will put more.
It is not that it will be suppressed very quickly.
The more you put the surrounding skin
The logic is that it will damage the skin.
It may burn, but when a pimple
The size is increasing, you can actually do it
Yes, it means that when you are doing pause, it will burn.
What could be a pal patch, that too is the same.
The patches that you buy these days are like this
You can put the same thing in it as in the stalker.
contains either sulfur or salicylic
contains acid or a little peroxide
or as tea tree oil
These are natural things which are tea tree oil.
I have kumkuma di telam, I always have these things
Earlier I was afraid because my logic was this
That there will be more oil on the face anyway
Why should I add oil? Yes No Some oils
The property of is such that it suppresses it.
I can live for this and one such
I want to extend the answer that gives me
People always ask, my pimples are very oily.
Do I need to add moisturizer?
Yes offcourse is necessary if your skin is oily
Even if it is, yes, even then, what about your skin?
There is also reaction, there is oil production, there is one.
The amount of oil to be poured out genetically
The more you insert your butt, the more he will dry it.
Will understand that I have dry skin and I need more work.
I will do more work, I will make more oil
If you keep throwing then this is important
That you are very light water based
Choose moisturizer but moisturizer
Add another benefit to it that it is yours.
Cuts pollution which causes skin damage
Is suffering from acne because you
Do you do this yourself or something happens Red
goes to heal him
Moisture is needed and the third is that it helps in reducing acne.
whatever cream you are putting or said like that
Have you tried salicylic acid or some retinol or
some benzol poxy id whatever you are putting in
Irritates the skin at least a little
For that it should reduce irritation but acne
To work, it means that you
Keep yourself healthy by moisturizing well
So that your skin can be repaired
There is power but it should be healthy
Skin is therefore moisturizer and screen.
You have to do all these things even if you have acne.
All this that I always say to my face regularly
I remain clean, nourished and protected by these three
This thing is very important, even if you have acne
yes too
But one thing should not be put on the skin at all.
I want that thing of yours
finger so true so true i was thinking of you
Will say toothpaste because it is very common
You know people keep coming and I get pimples.
Yes, I also put toothpaste online
I have read that pimples can go away in a day and
I put lemon please don't do all this
All this is very flammable.
All this can spoil your entire skin.
no of course not i noticed that too
What I said is that the product you worked on
Did its quality remain the same as before?
Better than the quality of the products
That's because I have ingredients right now
This is not a commercial show his joe
The ingredients are plant based
The ingredients are good so they work the same
It does but does not harm your skin
does
Doesn't irritate let me not
harm because that is in english medicine
That is also a fantastically research product.
Irritate does not harm but you
Not put in quantity for right time
Didn't put it in, kept it as long as the doctor said
More than that can irritate the skin.
He doesn't get irritated, he is very big
The advantage is definitely for the audience.
I would like to say that spot characters
Yes, they are magical but they are right.
Spot characters are that important and that
Keep it for the right time and in the right amount
To pour and only where to pour
Don't let it spread around.
Give if you think my spot corrector
Is there a lot of liquid or is it flowing?
If I put it, it will go to the side.
A little Vaseline or cream on the entire side
and then spot corrector in the center
Pour it so that it hits only him and
Pimple patches are very easy, that's all
why use brain
We, the audience, are thinking right now that
Friend, tell me, I still won't tell.
I will just tell you that
Go on at Biceps there you get the name
Will be moving on and I am a doctor too
If I tell you, it will be difficult for me too
Actually my handle is as you say
There are two or three stories on it and also a reel.
First of all, if people go down then you will know.
Spot character will work, very magical thing
It means I wish that this quality
spot character i found 10 years ago
Even if it happens or because of it, you will still be spot corrector.
You put the first pimple as I said.
The other one doesn't go and leaves after doing harm.
This is not
I feel so happy when I know
It seems that science has reached here
Went OK because overall skin health
The whole world started taking the world very seriously.
Just like the body you see now
What do you call a holistic doctor?
Functional medicine is this, we are not that.
If you have fever, we are giving you medicine.
Why is your entire body visible?
So all this stuff is happening everywhere in the skin.
It is also not happening that if you feel
I gave medicine for pimples and sold it.
Wondering why did he get pimples?
Maybe its lifestyle or diet
Hormones are hereditary, hair is scalp
thinking about all this
Nat's skin health has become very
Important So the product which is coming new
And they all are thinking that it is good for the skin
It should happen but its cost should not be this
Should the rest of your things get spoiled
Do more boys or girls come first?
You know this question to us
5 years ago a lot of people used to ask because
Just then new boys started coming and then we
Used to say yes but today I am a patient boy at 10.
I can say whether it is beans or 50% of it.
Most of the boys come first
It was like mom or sister used to pull me.
Did you drag me or did your wife drag you today?
Those people are coming themselves I think datchi fool
Thing like that story was Kiss the Frog
I don't think I made a prince by doing this
Girls, some want to kiss the frog, some yes re.
as a prince
Come on, basically boys have started appreciating themselves.
This skin was not there before, it is not there.
The skin, the body, the dressing, the hair.
All which is very nice is to look beautiful
It's not just girls who are beautiful, you too are beautiful
You can see all my brows in parallel
who is probably one or two my age
Those who do not take care of their own fitness and
Those who don't take care of their skin and hair
do not keep or
This is when I meet my older friend
Those in their age group are older than me
There are more boys who are skin weight.
Fitness doesn't care about such things
Correct I Think Times are changing
What is the edge, what is the ruffle, who are your clients?
I think mine now thanks to all the media
And everyone is saying that you can look
Good and this is what you should do this is
What should you do first?
What ever came from what is let's come
Don't Know What You Call It Janus Janji What
Ever 30 to 22 30 to 20 of this bracket
Used to come, these days I have kids even 13
badarda ut i have pimple i have this 13 12
This also comes from Plus Older Generation 50
Many changes occur due to aging.
For change of pigmentation and hair
It is a very, very important thing.
50's men also come so everyone started coming so butt
I feel a little bad when I'm so young
Children come, this is tomorrow in my cheek
A girl came in between my 2 black
And she was so old I'm thinking of you
Firstly why are they thinking that?
Why are you there and why is it in your mind?
Why yes but why why everyone
Chanchal hai pimple cream hai ur so consume
He looks so good in your life.
It has become so big that he himself is under the same stress.
If it is done then it must be a pleasure.
Well I am looking wow today
Every day is better than beautiful but
This little but this little is worth it
The roads would have returned to the same question, you said
That if you have time for one week then you
Antibiotics provide anti-inflammatory
Anything else you would like to say as I post
Post not post before that if you and
If you have time then I am yours.
I will ask some clinically related questions
I will do some examination then if I
Yes, there is some hormonal problem involved.
How to know for example if
A lot of hair is coming in the girl's face
If the hair does not come on then we will go to the terminal
Hair is called thick, but a little hair at least.
It happens to all of us but it happens to Welles.
Very thin almost skin colored hair
If it becomes thick and black
So I know something is wrong right
The second one is if your hair is very rooted.
A little hair is the root of everyone, it is pollution.
You are styling, you are eating wrong.
That may happen but if there is too much hair left.
If so, he will think that something is wrong with me.
If you have a lot of pigmentation in your body
It's in my neck, it's here like yours
In the episode I saw Acanthus Nagar Kansa
You have talked about what is insulin
Resistance is not just that
That insulin can be good for diabetes
Resistance can also occur in PCOS
Only children who are healthy or very
If there is weight gain then it may also happen in them.
That's very important sign for me so we
They look under the folds of the body
In body folds in arms you
If there is pigmentation then that is also a clue to me
I have acne, I have hair on my stomach.
Girls have hair in the center, so that's the clue.
If your periods are not normal then that is a
Clue is periods month in month which
There is a problem when a girl's period comes.
I didn't get that frequency properly.
So and then if before your period
breast
There is a painful pimple and it is not going away.
That's all I need to say
So if the hormones are messed up in the man too
The very red one is a painful pimple and his
The chest has started growing a little, so add some
Prolactin is a female hormone.
If it can increase then I also believe that yes
If there is some hormonal problem in this too then it is known.
I would get some blood tests done to
Yes, I need time for that and that blood.
Test is not that yes and one I do one
I wish someone like this came on this day
Yes, I did a blood test and who told you?
Told and I searched on the internet
got the day done at least one day
Their money was wasted because we
Blood test is required at one time.
Period cycle should be done in one day
So if you ever do it at random,
He is of no use to us otherwise that is why he
Everyone go to the doctor please ask what
Blood test and when should we do it?
After getting the test done, we found out that there were hormones in it.
If something's wrong we fix hormones
And hormones get fixed, your skin
To appear in Athleisure, you need two-three
It takes a month, that's why I say this
That this long term fix for you
So this will keep happening but you should immediately
I don't want to see acne right now, that's why I
I can do a peel in the clinic or we can do some
Chemicals are applied in the brush and it is natural
Acids are some or the other chemical.
It contains acid like your spot.
The character is 10 times more powerful than him.
Things are almost okay sometimes
salicylic acid or malic acid or lactic
If there is acid, all this happens, then we apply it.
Sometimes in 6 minutes, sometimes in 10 minutes
Which facial concentrate to look for
The doctor decides how much should be kept.
will do and if you do it then there will be less pain in it immediately
Yes yes and then as I said earlier
Extraction I told you black
If we come to head and white head stage then we
They also extract so that they and
Pain should not go to bigger and next stage
It happens
That's your therapist's experience.
We happen to have a therapist in our clinic.
Doing the same things for the last 10 years ji ji
Yes, his hand is so delicate.
By practicing they know how
If you want to fix it then you can do it
And like I said, that cleanup is fine.
take place from because the surrounding
Hygiene is your sponge, your text is yours.
Steam can cause the most infection.
If you need to correct a lot then do it
If we can, we can do all this when one
Even if it's a week, it can be fixed but
It takes time to correct hormones
We explain them now
Fixing it but by the time it happens you
Treat will not need fixing
will happen and sometimes there are people who
without going to the doctor or without thinking
Take any protein supplements
Any bottled collagen powder
The collagen that has come has a thousand collagens in it.
Boler because he has become very popular these days
Everyone is taking protein, taking this
Are taking B12 Having access to B12
It can also cause acne, so it's like that
That you don't think that vitamins mean anything
It's not going to happen, that too in the right quantity.
I have to take it in and I have to take it the right way.
There is another thing which is very popular these days.
Everyone is making supplements.
They are making gummy, powder or something.
There is a thin strip coming which is to be placed below
There is not that much quantity in it.
Think about what you should give.
will have to
Oh what you said about boys and girls
Hormonal problems occur obviously
Boys' bodies are different from girls' bodies
body would have been different
Let's break these two down a bit.
because I think especially
PC is not that kind of girl
Kind is the endocrinologist's problem
Gynecologist's problem is off
Dermatologist's and Kind of
Lots of videos from Dermatologist
What we made in the past regarding PCOS
What I have learned is basically that a
This is not a fixed region, it could also be genetic.
Diet can also be a factor
PCOS is a condition that people currently
Even science is fully understanding
PCOS is not understood the details of it
At a Dermatologist When PCOS is Diagnosed
Because of this you start getting pimples
what is the protocol do you
endocrinologist or gynecologist
send a pass because it is very common
There is a problem in the hottest Indian metros.
I am sure that it is yes all over India too.
PCOS has always been my pet subject
As we think, in every single thing I
Said doctors specialize and something else
If their interest in something increases a lot then
Pimple pigmentation and obviously for me
Aesthetics is always my favorite subject.
And here I would have treated PCOS myself.
If I feel helpless then this is very wrong.
If yes then I will send you to endocrine
No, obviously the cyst is very big.
Sell ​​those cysts to gynecologists
They open it like this or remove it
Those are extreme cases but a lot
PCOS is like this, sometimes a cyst is visible
Not only is there no blood in the ultrasound
Variation occurs so PCOS is poly
ovary
Syndrome When we say syndrome, it means
A lot of organ and a lot of symptoms come
That's why it's called a syndrome.
p is polycystic pc polycystic meaning
lots of small cysts cysts meaning
The water balloon becomes yours
ovaries in the ovaries which contain our eggs
is produced by the ovary
So it could be multiple cysts
and because of that some of your hormones
Why does PCOS happen?
Like you said, it could be due to stress.
Could be due to overeating
Can happen due to wrong eating and some
Someone in the family is overweight
If it happens then those poor people are wrong or it is not
Even if I eat, he is genetically superior to me.
Whenever I met two types of doctors
Talked about PCO even off camera because
If I want to create content about it
So you need to know something off course
Doctors say it's because of weight
If diet is not good then weight will increase
Growth then causes hormonal problems
but this is true okay and here's some
People will be offended but I will still say it
I'm not a doctor at all, I'm just
Am an observer if we added videos in the content
I said it is weight related and if
If you lose weight then PCOS also reduces to some extent.
It may be fixed, people get offended
Why because people believe that
Friend, my weight has increased because of my PCOS.
Yes it is possible so come I will tell you I will
Tell you, this is a wish cycle and not like that.
that only obese people can get PCS
I'm sorry I don't know the right word
Hindi audience gets offended if someone says fat
This is the direct audience, this is the English audience.
and hindi audios
Because I have to think about what to say these days
What can I say, then Lean is PCOS.
Meaning people who are thin also get PCS
It is possible that this is one thing and another.
The point is that being overweight causes PCS.
Weight due to PCS or PCOS
increases so it's a subject cycle so you
Someone will have to break, which one is easier to break?
If it is easy to lose weight then the weight would have reduced.
Hormones get fixed just a little bit
As soon as your hormones get fixed a little, you
Losing weight becomes easy this is the cycle
Yes, that's why PCOS is the first problem for us.
Don't know egg or cock it's like that
So your weight increases due to the deterioration of these hormones.
Started growing and that's why the weight is increasing now
grew worse or gained weight earlier
That's why the hormones got spoiled and now even more
Increase weight ji, we don't know this separately.
May vary from person to person but weight
PCOS can be reduced by reducing
It is true that we have proved it scientifically.
Proven Okay, a little bit about weight loss.
let's just touch upon a
Because I have also noticed this and this
Also applicable for boys if you have weight
subtracted usually means that you
You have fixed your diet and are doing exercise.
Can also be good for your skin health
What is it after weight loss when I am suffering from PCOS?
A A I Don't Want To Say Patients But Whatever
People who have PCOS
When I talk to them about weight loss
When I am there, they say that my weight is not decreasing.
Because I have PCOS so PCOS
taking
They Make It a Reason Not to Try to Lose
Wet
But I was also very overweight earlier.
Know what happens when you first come to mind
You set such a target that no, how can I?
I will do it or I will achieve that target if
If you don't put it, this bike won't break.
First step is chakna and process from home
Food and all sweet things should be kept a little away.
You should eat it only once or twice a week.
One should eat clean home-cooked food and either
dance either gym or
So you should play sports, ok I agree with this
If you just did these two things
Added some movements and removed some things from diet
Eat more home cooked food and lose weight automatically
There will be an off course to break it down further.
You can do more protein
Water should be poured into the body etc.
You should drink more but this is the basis of weight loss
And on this basis, just keep in mind that
Decision has to be taken you have to deny
Self of your pleasures means your mind is something
Saying no, I want to eat cake.
This is eating chakli, saying no to your brain.
Learn Just I Have A Little Take On This Shar To
I want to say two things, one which I
So I have been thin for a long time till now.
The scale hasn't moved even a kilo so when I
I tell someone to lose weight, I feel like this
I don't know how difficult it is
It happens, right? I can give a lecture.
But as difficult as it is I feel, I know
That's not that easy so a lot
Children come with parents and parents
What we are can be very harsh
Sometimes someone else speaks, I speak this much
Its weight is not decreasing at all, this is what I hear.
It's not like she's not listening.
She is listening but it is very difficult
I think it is difficult to lose weight
a little more difficult for girls
It is difficult for both of them, it is very difficult.
Is weight loss that is the first thing their
People around should understand that wait
It is not easy to reduce especially your hormones.
What is the imbalance that you are inputting for?
Example: You are the one who is losing weight.
Means you are doing exercise while eating.
Some What Ever rules have been put in restrictions
inserted
Is it the same thing if someone else does it?
Hormone issues are not the result
If there is too much then it is difficult
That I do this too and I am doing that every day
I am not going, I am a dissipator, I am thinking.
I am okay, friend, why should I do this, should I eat?
I take this is what happens so people who
You are around them please do not do this
think it's easy and tell them
No what is this you are not putting effort
You're not even putting in the effort, you're not going.
What is this negative motivation?
Yes please don't do this or that please from the
Doctor I'm telling you it's not easy wait
Katana so others don't make them this or that.
that hey you're not gonna do it
It won't happen, that's the first and this is the second thing.
It is very difficult to make up my mind as you have said.
important
Is and what do you call it when man marna is
Don't take it easy when you feel cravings
Yes, that is not easy, so I can tell you something.
Let me tell you about today's internet gal
Do one thing, I'll tell you the rest.
Try it if you are fond of eating sweets.
If you feel like it, you can eat something sour instead.
Those two test birds are in similar places
In Tongue, Seta IT Centers would think so
Yes, I want to eat sweets when I am calm.
Whenever I feel like craving, I also go to a stage.
I was feeling like eating something very sweet.
I brought that Indian gooseberry of mine.
I had kept it in the fridge so that whenever I could
It used to be that I go and get chocolate once in a while
Loo, I took a gooseberry and ate it, then I came.
If I'm feeling happy then that's sweet craving.
Suddenly the nervousness reduced, meaning Amla is big.
The one is Indian Amla, isn't that the end?
The second thing is that if you have sweet craving then you can try it.
Increase your protein intake by eating just two eggs.
turn it on or say something to me
Increase protein and automatically reduce sweet cream.
If it happens, don't worry, its an alternative.
Find out and if you want to eat cake
Eat it but not such a big slice
eat then you are not thinking that I
I am very sad, I want to eat cake.
You have three days to eat, so control it.
I took four days and ate the entire cake.
It happens when you are beginning to feel like
Not killing, finding an alternative is one thing, another.
Same food but in much smaller squares
Very happy for your tongue slowly
eat it while enjoying it, eat it while sitting alone
Food so you're enjoying and in conversation
They
Feeling Mindful Eating Isn't Over
yes eat that little thing with great pleasure
If you get immersed in the flavors then you will eat it.
Also but you did not eat that much Alternative
If you search for it, your cravings will also be reduced.
So again I'm just making it three
four things for you to remember
It will be easy then there are three things you can do
You can do something from one packet to reduce weight
don't even
No one wants to eat another three meals a day
Whatever you say, don't do these five or eight miles.
Eating only three times a day and breakfast is like poison.
Maybe if the breakfast is not clean and neat
So eat only three twelve meals a day
And the portion is our Indian culture.
The whole family sat together and ate all the food outside.
It's all on the table, put it all for Mama.
Just keep pouring a little for papa.
Go Eat Not Go When You're Losing Weight
Yes, please go to the kitchen for your plate.
What is the size? Think about the size of the bowl.
Major, this is so much fun for me in this bowl only.
I will take it if it is so non veg then what ever chicken
I will take this much fish, chicken, this much dal.
I will definitely take this much salad.
I would like to drink, I am very hungry.
You are thinking like this, I will also have this much soup.
Then I will take this much rice in one bowl of Major.
Keep everything in one bowl so that
Control your carbs and don't feel hungry.
Because you ate pulses, eat so much
Took so much salad, ate so much soup too
You have taken so much, you are not even hungry.
My stomach is also filled with the right things.
So this is what you do and go another time
Another ground rule we have is don't take food.
eat while watching tv
Don't think about that while you are eating, right?
Enter the food and listen to your stomach.
Probably having the mind of a 30 year old.
It's mine but now I follow that rule at 75.
I used to do that when I was a teenager in college
I was yes, that means I had a lot of appetite then too.
Only then your metabolism also increases
too much you run do it
Expanding the energy is also that much
Plus body itself is in growth phase
Your body is using your energy.
If you are also eating then that one like you said 30
It's not going to happen after slow slow
It will keep getting slower but whatever you do
Till now I haven't heard about weight loss.
It applies to skin health also of course
All my weight loss means skin.
Whatever I do is for general health.
What is nutrition hormone weight sub skin
Skin is a packaging mirror but it glows
He is young, full, good and healthy, where is he from?
Only he is reflecting inside.
What is happening i.e. what is happening to your elders?
What is happening inside is visible on your face.
Yes, my gut is also important.
Mind is also important, everything is important
What is the face you talk about? Why don't you care?
Nowadays you know why his light has gone away
Is there tension? Is all of this related to?
Skin actually at hormonal level
What can cortisol levels do in the long term?
Cortisol increases due to stress
keeps growing and then you go away
Does not work again due to fatigue or very
When cortisol is released, acne also occurs.
Maybe that's why we say stress
If you do then pimples will appear because
If you stress, your stress hormone
It will increase and pimple will come out of it.
Hormone will increase like male hormone and that
Pimple will happen, that's why it happens
Stress is okay, points are at the doctor's
Very important things should go first
The second thing you should focus on is weight loss.
Are you feeling overweight now?
The third key point is to reduce sugar as much as possible.
Be very important in diet only when
I tell the patient to reduce sugar.
yes next time I will say why
Why did this happen? Why is there less sugar than this?
yes but i'm taking stevia these days
These days I am taking honey, this means sugar.
It's not just sugar that pleases your tongue
It tastes sweet, we don't need glucose.
I have to increase it, there is no sugar, it is not a matter of sugar.
Here we don't have glucose decay in the body.
Have to increase because only because of him
insulin is secreted
Yes, that's why the more insulin you give him
If you give sugar, only sugar will use fat.
If you sit well then from both sides
You feel ham, so sugar means no sugar.
No Honey No Stevia No Maple Syrup
Not chikku, not custard apple, nothing sweet
No, not even sweet fruits or fruit juice.
Of course not, we want homemade fruit juice.
Not even that, not that either.
then what to do
Mama's food, yes I know this, right?
When people say that I too have a sweet tooth
I used to say that my weight also increased because of that, friend.
I have a sweet tooth, what should I do? Keep eating.
Keep eating but if you actually eat for two weeks
Avoided for three weeks
If your sweet tooth also disappears then it
Like I keep saying replace dates
What do dates say? Dates Dates Dates
Eat a date, eat anything sweet you feel like.
Dark Chocolate at 70
But don't eat it all out, sir.
a little dark chocolate
If you eat all this then it is a healthy alternative.
Whatever you can do, do it initially and then
After that, eat Kattha cheese as we said.
After that increase protein then sweet tooth will be satisfied.
There are only three things, eat a good sweet which
meaning very high concentrate dark chocolate and
Dates and Black Resins Hum Raisins Hum Raisins
eat it all good it's not that much
Raisins, whatever you do, the quantity is same.
should be do that second third thing like
Protein can increase and turn sour
Yes These Are the Things Birth Control Pill
may cause pimples may cause pimples
It can go, it can happen, okay because
Basically because of birth control pills
Your hormonal system is upside down
It is not completely regulated, it is upside down.
can happen
Because sometimes your body
Gives more estrogen in cycle
Progesterone can give one side then this
all up down lh fs h all up down
You will get pimples before your periods.
It comes because of that hormone
cycle is different one cycle is first
A cycle in between when your egg is formed
That happens, then after that, that happened now.
Fertilized and not due to menstruation
The body is getting ready for it.
It happens that you are currently taking oral contraceptive or
If you take birth control pills then you will have to take one pill.
Will it work or will it happen if it happens?
The acne on your face will reduce.
Anything will reduce hair fall for anyone
Acne is a bit messed up and everything should be fixed.
will but that's not the right way you
Take it yourself or consult a doctor
Yes, it's a little bit wrong, will you be okay with it?
We will give birth control for a few months
You won't be cured by taking it for two months.
There's gonna be a lot of I saw that yes we
So it took three months, it's not going to take two.
He needs to understand the hypothalamus.
Take him for atlist six months one year
I will have to, but please consult the doctor.
Through prescription and sometimes PCO
If we catch it in the beginning
We can cure it only with nutrition
A lot of PCOS can be cured with supplements alone.
I did the right thing i.e. diet diet and
Supplements contain some nutrition
If we do a little variation of it,
Had he been cured, many parents would have come.
Those who do not want to take medicine
He made up his mind not to take medicine.
So that's okay so we just tell them
You can also try tea in supplements now
Things about common hormonal issues of girls
Guys have a very common hormonal issue.
These days, boys who play sports
Are or especially the boys who go to the gym?
they have a little acne problem
There is another thing related to going to the gym.
Whose name is that protein? I noticed this.
did that a lot of dermatologists they
Are against protein and my own
I have a lot of pimples due to the experience of
They used to get more protein than these.
Doesn't happen with anyone but very Indian
What happens to people, they would like to say something
about protein
About Sher In General Protein I
I would say that if you take more protein then protein
can be inflammatory because it is so
Will not be digested will not be consumed
You will get inflammation after using this powder.
Generally what I think is that nowadays everyone
Found out that it is inflammatory so
not to take too much or not to take at all
someone needs someone but someone has someone
There are some people who take isolate protein.
but it's okay with them because their
There is no lactose intolerance in the body.
And that by majoring in protein
You are taking it very important, you are taking it
You are also taking it and eating 10 eggs with it.
You are eating 200 grams of chicken with it.
Overloading is protein overloading.
People are just them, not me, this.
I say that he is the only villain Access
What should not be protein is and zero
Carb becomes and someone's diet
Contains only protein and fat and carbs
If it doesn't happen then it shouldn't happen.
Macros should be everything we talk about
no they help each other
Absorb Assimilator Use Body Consume
If you completely remove one thing while doing
After the second access it will become flame.
Even the gut will not be able to digest it.
If you can't digest it, that too will be inflamed.
If the flame goes away then the leak will reduce.
It means that all of it gets leaked.
Not the nutrition you should be getting
You will get upset stomach.
Then everything will start with that gut skin access
It is said that the gut of the skin has gone wrong.
Everything gets messed up if you eat right.
If you are not eating, it means you are not eating protein properly.
You are taking it, you should take the right quantity.
Protein should be taken at right time.
And right type of protein should be taken and right
It should be taken accordingly, meaning it should also be copied.
There should be fat, there should also be this, there should also be this
So these four things are very important when you
All you think about is protein.
don't think about that
we ok
Now we have talked about testosterone in particular.
Generally when people start gymming
Sometimes pimples occur even without protein
Off courses are taken because
Basically the function to build muscle is to
You are lifting weights, your muscles are getting a little torn.
This is your body's reaction
That friend, I will have to lift weights tomorrow too
That's why I hypertrophied
I will increase it and in that way your muscle
The size of increases its size
Increases because of your food but
One of its reaction bodies is that
Testosterone levels generally increase
The narrative on the internet is that people
Increase your testosterone levels and
I have also talked to an andrologist.
Think this thought is actually good
High testosterone is important for life
And people all over the world believe this
But sometimes because of special gymming and
Pimples because of that high testosterone
Maybe yes, then what is the counter?
Because in one place you will find high testosterone
You need your men's health for your fitness.
For related things then what should we do?
So I am telling you that only
Not just men, but Memon too has high testosterone.
When we start the gym, it goes away a lot.
All girls also get pimples and
The only thing that makes hair grow is the testicles.
He is also getting a little high and that is okay
Maybe just high testosterone
You are not suffering a full loss because of
The protein you are having with it
along with your sleep cycle that is being disturbed
There is a lot of stress with him because of you.
When you are lifting heavy weights like you are saying
Yes, it is only pro, it does not increase testosterone.
Stress hormones are also increasing along with it.
Is it because you are stressing the body?
Out there, that's why you got pimples because of everyone.
If testosterone is increasing then you need it.
Man, the more you have, the better.
increase that but with the one who is second
It is there, control it, how to control it?
Take protein as per your requirement.
Usually normal requirement is 1 gram
Maximum 1.5 kg body weight
You can take grams, meaning every kilogram of yours.
1 gram protein per body weight
Now if you weigh 50 kg then take 50 grams of protein.
% more than that you can take half of that
You can take more basic i.e. if you
If you are 50 kg then you can take 75 g butt.
What kind of proteins are you taking with it?
Like you said, they are very inflammatory.
Protein is made from milk
There is inflammatory protein, you change it
Whatever protein is found in vegan protein
Rice Protein I also saw this the other day
I saw what pumpkin seed protein was.
Lots of vegan proteins are available.
Plant based is less inflammatory
Contains protein which is less inflammatory
inflammation in
Along with this, the heat increases and the heat decreases.
Yes, you change it into that and then something else.
Your skin hygiene while working out
Shower before and after your workout
I also take a shower, so you take a shower first.
You are here because you usually work out in the morning.
You do all the garbage of the previous day at night.
Sometimes all the garbage remains on your face
Did not wash skin at night and in the morning
If you don't wash your skin after waking up, it's
I am saying skin is important because
It's not just the face but the back too.
Comes in shoulder also, also comes in chest
I have seen Wright and most of the men
Back and shoulder acne so bad
It happens that if we get full marks then we
Then we do specialized peel for that.
Specialized creams are given in the office
It is better to go on a diet than doing all that in the office.
Pay attention so first have a bath before
Your body should be clean and not clogged.
You can do all that, apply more cream
don't go i saw a lot of people
Women especially have to wear makeup while coming to the gym.
put it in the gym
So please don't do that and go to the gym immediately.
Taking immediate bath afterwards is also important and
Don't ask your face 10 times in the gym
Sweat is coming, some towel is lying on it, take it
You ask me like this, I don't know that face.
I get so dirty with sweat, how are you?
If you are wiping then in fact when you go to gym
You don't even need a moisturizer, that's all.
If you are doing clean face and indoor gym then
If you are doing outdoor gym then obviously
You can put sunscreen but it's still mine
Be careful not to go out during sunny hours
Whatever sunscreen you put on, you will sweat.
When it comes, that too will come out on the face and on that knuckle.
Block as much lightening cream as you can
Use it indoors as much as possible
Exercise and skin care don't matter
Apply it on time to keep the skin clean
If you are sweating a lot then take that mist with you.
You know how to put a skin spray like that?
Put a little bit of it and wipe it with a tissue.
Just wipe it with a clean towel or go
Take your face with water yes this is wet
You Can Do So the Skin is Clean While You
Work Out When Pores Are All Wide Open a Lot of
your pores open wide a lot
If there is a blood rush then at whatever time the skin
But it remains and is received well.
So if you have a good thing then it will be well received.
If it is a wrong thing then it will be received wrongly so don't be cheesy.
Put only testosterone region on the face.
No, he is not just for your man.
Why testosterone is good for working out?
You are doing more, because of that you are bulkier.
It's your muscle and the rest, whatever you want
If the function is required then it is improving.
We are reducing, we are reducing, we are not reducing.
Another thing happens to him which
That and testosterone remain inflammatory
There is also another work which will help the oil glades.
Stimulates therefore testosterone
Because of this we get more pimples.
We can treat pimples externally.
Only the oil glades can be reduced in size.
Like I said in some episode
that we people micro needling radio
frequency in which the gland
If the size is reduced then the size of the gland is reduced.
Will treat acne
No need to reduce testosterone
But you can see the rest of what is happening with him.
under control
Keep type of protein and skin care and
A lot of people think that growth is very sad.
Hormones have started taking steroids
Started taking steroids and growth hormone
It is very dangerous to forget us as doctors.
Endocrinologist who is highly specialized
They don't even give any information on hormone studies.
You don't have the growth hormones that support you.
Will tell you to take growth hormones
Testosterone Lo Activ Lo Take This Take That
Please, all these things are only for gym trainers.
Don't take advice, always check with your
General Physician or Best is Endocrine
magist and then take because all these things
This can cause a lot of problems in the long term.
If you don't understand it yet then all that
Puffs up very very
Don't make it important, we have one more rule.
Now people have started realizing that sunscreen is necessary
What is the logic of this because like
That I said people should be offended by milk
sometimes go with sunscreen too
What is the logic when people get offended?
Why should you apply sunscreen because the sun
If yes then you get Vitamin D but
What is the reason for sunlight?
Okay, so we get Vitamin D only from the sun.
Roshni doesn't provide much food either
All Vitamin D is there so don't think that
The body's requirement is for Vitamin D.
Is not fulfilled only by the sun if
Whatever amount of sun you are getting 10
If you want it at 20, you can get it, it is open.
It's open It's open It's open So much
Why should I put it in, so it should remain open
It is not necessary that my Vitamin D body
Whatever we want should be fulfilled, first we understand that thing.
Why do we need sunscreen because
If you are not applying sunscreen
Some things may cause UV rays so we
Everyone knows that it is a harmful race, but
Now we also know from many studies that
Only the visible race is going on which is visible to our eyes.
Looks and we understand that it is not harmful
There may be harm to the skin also.
and before that comes an infrared ray
Let us first think about the heat that comes from the sun.
Sate, that is not just from UV rays.
That band is what it is but now we
Understand that infrared should also be blocked.
Otherwise, the heat generated from it will burn the skin.
It is red because of that and then it becomes dark
pigmentation goes away
Inflammation also increases due to UV rays
DNA changes, hence aging
Your collagen may break down quickly
Elastin is like this and it becomes tough.
go
And then your ground substance
In which all this collagen and elastin are living.
will reduce and then your visible light which
The harm is more than that
It can also increase pigmentation so it
All things can speed up the edge which we
Accelerate says edge can accelerate
The skin becomes of uniform thickness.
It's not a good thickness, it's hard like leather.
Thickening may be called elastosis.
We can completely cut collagen like I did.
It has been said that the skin can become very dry.
may become red and pigmentation may increase
There are so many things that can happen due to sun damage.
That's why it is very important to wear sunscreen.
Everyone asks me this, our mom
Papa did not apply sunscreen but he
There was not so much pollution in those times.
Ozone layer is our one layer.
That brick above the earth, that above the earth
It was intact, meaning it was fine and complete.
Yes, it works like a filter.
He used to filter out a lot of harmful laces.
Nowadays, there are holes in the ozone layer.
All the negative races that we don't want
Our damage is coming down, Mama.
He was not there much during father's time.
The damage that occurs due to pollution
it should be 10x that much
More damage will be done and that too is happening.
And we don't even eat the same food as before.
Even if we are eating, it is their essence.
There is enrichment, it is not the same as before. And
Mom and Dad, our stress increased during the day.
do a job or have a duty
Well, we enjoy 100 Hajj and
We believe in multitasking, pride in that
I take a lot of trouble because of that too
What is happening is that we do not sleep on time.
Cigarette smoking is not a good lifestyle
Blah blah blah so damage due to all this
If it is this much then they should go without sunscreen.
Gaya we will not agree about smoking
Let's talk a little, this is a very big region.
I have seen it with my friends literally
If I quit smoking and I just
I am not talking about cigarettes either.
Yes, I am talking because smoking has increased.
it's over now
Or this but basically you burn anything
Now that paper can be neat and clean.
Some people say no because
It's more healthy, that's why maybe I have better skin.
There will be no effect but the truth is that you
You are burning something and inhaling its smoke.
You are inhaling that heat of I am Awesome.
This is the logic that you feel warmth inside the body.
Putting no because you inhale nicotine
He is like that, he is a constrictor, that means he
Will tighten your blood vessels
Blood will not come to that place.
He does this in the periphery meaning outside
Outside, your skin is, you know, a smoker.
's skin turns a little gray
Yes, it's not because he's smoking
That smoke looks gray from here, lips
It becomes dark, everything becomes dark
Goes because their blood which enters the skin
it comes and it decreases, that's why it
Inflammation also increases, not even detox.
Maybe the skin is the reason for that.
Ash turns gray, lips turn dark
The skin appears dull and the age accelerates.
The skin becomes dry, all this happens
Sometimes I say that you
If you want, drink a glass of wine.
Don't touch cigarettes, it's bad for the skin.
yes so if you say something like you say hey
What should I eat? If you don't eat anything then what should I do?
I have to do something, so have a glass.
Whatever your drink is, drink it with that.
Do not add sweet, do not add mixer, whatever.
Want one drink, but that's better than one cigarette.
The damage caused is very high.
And with it liver and lung problems due to cigarettes.
If internal organs get damaged then you
which should get oxygen from inside also
We should reduce oxidative stress
All that is not to happen, all that will keep on increasing.
So it is very important that you do not smoke
Do and I don't know the difference between true and false
What is the difference between this and that exactly but
This is what is the main logic why we
They say do anything, don't smoke when I
I came to your clinic for a treatment.
Was there but for that skin care treatment
You have to let the cream sit for an hour.
Another I think actor came by putting A on
and he said ma'am can you help
He had some problem with me.
you told him one thing my
Told them in front that I can't believe the junk you
What Junk Are You Putting Inside Your Body
You Putting Inside You Eat Something Like This
Was implying only about smoking
The employees were applying junk into the body.
Can Junk Into The Body Sometimes Be Food Too?
Can't ok that's fine so when you
You travel in the last episode
Asked me if I was in Delhi or Bombay
If I go here, it will be more there.
Sometimes when you travel in cities
It is not that we are the only pollution
We travel, we don't sleep these days
Our stress keeps getting delayed as flights get delayed
The level also increases and with it you
Wherever you go, you think of me on holiday.
Yes, everyone eats, drinks and smokes in excess.
And if it is different then pimples will come because of all this.
Maybe recently I learned that
much more than i thought
Don't know if off course happens in Bombay
Was because I was using my YouTube
i is less which means yes generally know now
No, even if the world changes, it's on YouTube.
All of them are engineers here.
So I have studied some more in this field.
This media is not enough for us.
are many and are increasing and
I'm not just talking about the base level.
There are many things besides that, but
My thought is that skin is so affected.
Aging must be happening, so noise effect is happening.
Has Shar for Shar in it all fat metabolism
That literal bone cartilage changes
Change happens if you don't say it.
Nostril changes their so late is a
Lots That Happen and Structural Damage Happens
It's not just your skin, it means your cells.
There may be damage or fat on your face
Body fats get damaged.
If so, a lot of things get damaged.
in that
If not just skin then please or careful.
Let us go back to the basics
jaate i am ezumanga ijar third simple thing
Yes, face wash, we did not talk about it.
Face wash is important as you
It is said twice that it is necessary as soon as you wake up in the morning.
And if you feel bad before sleeping at night
Have oily skin and because we suffer from pimples
Talking about pimple free skin
Have oily skin and pimple prone skin
It means that your pill comes early.
So it's enough to face once more in the middle
Important but more than four times
No two faces, no matter what, something hot like this
water remains cold water cold water
It's good to wash because you have acne.
There is inflammation, washing with cold water is very important.
Better then wash it with cold water and whatever else
One thing is important that in between
All the people come and tease me, I just wash them.
I keep my face oily because I am oily.
I just wash my face with water.
Put it twice but in water for 10 minutes.
Bar no more than washing in water only.
The oil on the face that comes off
But body works feedback mechanism
I think my skin feels
oh my god it's so dry and my
Oil glans is that and produces more oil.
Started doing that means if you wash a lot then which
It is natural oil, you will get stripped and
Oil will come, the glands will feel oil.
Not only that, but also L'Ateli, so face it 10 times.
No is not a good thing number one four times
Don't worry too much whether the face is with Vash or not
Yes, not more than four times Dona ji and
Don't give it just once, please give it three times.
So is it necessary to do both and how many times a day?
It's done but what do you give face to?
That is very important you are very oily
It's the skin, not the ingredients.
I won't speak because I don't want to.
I want you to just think that she is useless.
Are you there these days? This is for acne.
This is for dry skin, this is for oily skin
Just see that by giving the ingredients.
What to do because there is an urban legend
athletic bros say this to each other a lot
What is actually an acne fighting face mask?
They are actually not good for acne
These are the people who have to search, don't lie.
Otherwise Acne Fighting Face Washes are good
but in salicylic acid
What are the percentages and how is it packaged?
Package means I don't mean outer package.
I am taking Salicylic Acid Active and
What's up? Yes, its medium is very good.
It is important that salicylic acid is a
Use face wash, use another face wash
You will find out that it was very harsh
It means the skin has become very dry and is very red.
The skin was gone but it was better because of the salicylic.
Because either it was creamy or there was something in it
Was there a mix of lanic acid or some serum in it?
AIDS was something, that is important one.
thing second
Percentage comes on 1 and common on 2
If you want then start from 1 and move on to 2.
Not because sometimes like I said
I don't want to dry it too much.
Bringing it to normal is M then you %
Are you using salicylic acid with it?
Think about the benzol peroxide you used last night.
You are doing some cream because the doctor said
Have you given me some retinol or cream?
or something like that let's say let's say
Tree oil, this or that, you are applying everything.
He is drying it and your face is on top of it.
If you are also drying then there is some work to do.
This is why you need to go to the doctor
Thinking about how to balance, sir
When you say three things, he knows I said one
It is given with it to dry
I have given this to balance his
Along with this I gave it so that it was very red and
If there is no flame then the end result is balanced
Skin is still as healthy as we say
It has a moisture barrier, I haven't spoiled it.
Which is a healthy barrier of the skin
Didn't spoil it but treated acne
Did this should be one of our last episodes
I guess you used a phrase and I
I actually wanted to ask at that very moment.
Now I will ask because I think it's related
You said does your skin feel happy?
After using or meaning what a lot of people
They come and ask me what I did after face wash
Nah, my skin feels very tight.
Feels stretched and then fine later
The butt gets immediately stretched and
It shouldn't feel tight if that's happening.
It means that your face is very strong.
Don't use that, your skin should be happy.
Means you shouldn't be that irritated Lal
Should not be visible, should not itch
So sensation wise you won't feel any burning.
No itching should be visible
You shouldn't be red, that white should be white
Shouldn't happen and the skin you have
It's not like that on your face if you open your mouth.
It should feel that it is tight, we have these three things
If you remember, if these three things are not there then skin
Happy with the product you are using.
Is it good for your skin?
It takes some time to find the product
Because products also have different effects
Don't waste your time on different faces.
go to the doctor, go to the doctor, go to the doctor, go to the doctor, go to the doctor, go to the doctor, go to the doctor, go to the doctor
Should I tell you about such products? If yes then
Sometimes even the doctor may need a round or two.
Yes but I'm saying go to the doctor
Because if you keep experimenting yourself
Skin damage will keep happening.
Datchi I would like to say a lot especially
acne patients
Remember two things when treating acne
If you have acne since last 10 years, doctor one day.
I can't muster the patience.
It takes time, doctor or cream which
It also takes time, so you should
Patience should be there if the cream is to be applied.
The doctor said if you want to do it for 10 days then do it.
If it says a month, then give it that much time.
Something is important to someone else
More doesn't mean sooner, so
If the doctor gave you the cream, you filled it
The next day your whole face got water.
Because of this most acne treatments
We follow the principle that we reduce acne.
control germs
do
And if there is no plug, it means that there are pores which I have
We explained it to Obstruction
Leave it out, these are the only three that we have to do.
are doing things that are inserted from outside
If you put it too much thinking it's mine
Soon it will just turn red.
Irritate, burn, pigmentation
If it goes, more does not mean sooner.
And you should put as much heart as you want in the day.
We will see the result only if you enter it.
ok any more basics sculpt very basic
It's simple and people don't think and do it.
The scalp is not the skin of your face.
It is very related, it is 100% related yes.
If you have dandruff you can scratch it.
If you do, it will fill the nail bed.
look you
And then if you say this then it will become chip chip
Or do you think that your hair is getting oily?
If all these things are happening, then what if they don't happen?
This could be psoria or psoriatic dermatitis.
It is possible
Sebo psoriasis can sometimes occur
Only dandruff can only be dry
it could be skull it could be anything
So that's why you go to the doctor and tell him first.
It is very important to clean, keep the scalp clean
Only then the skin will remain clean and the second thing
If scalp oil is increasing then
If inflammation increases with it then you will get that
It is also important to keep in mind that hair
Wash first that is very important and hair
Washing your hair every day doesn't make it frizzy and that too
It is important for boys to know this often
It is said that boys have more dandruff
Problems occur especially in teenagers.
Because there is more oil here
Because your testosterone is in teenage
If it is more then oil glands produce more.
Do as I said in scalp
I have a lot of oil glands, so more
Is produced and where there is more oil
That's your dandruff that's like a yeast.
Oil eats oil, its food is oil, we are oil.
So it increases and boys think this
that we will not shampoo every day because all
These days even 12 year old boys feel this way.
If your hair is going then you don't wash your hair.
I don't know from whom you heard that.
That's why it gets dandruff and garbage
Then everyone in it is like you said, Jim.
We are doing this because of him and we are sweating here and there.
There is noise and garbage and he too is sitting there.
Then you guys put gel well and that too
is sitting on top of it and getting garbage
Sculpt Unleashes You Clean It Up It Will
Affect your skin and hair so please clean
The Sculpt
Yes and it causes back acne but acne
The one who has acne on the bum is on the back.
Your first look is on the shoulder
scalp clean
In adolescence we are told
that athlete all the people around me
This was the rule we were told and we all followed it.
Followed and it worked for many guys
Suppose you are suffering from dandruff.
Atlyst Anti Dandruff once a week
You should use shampoo and the rest when you wash your hair.
When you wash, use a little mild shampoo.
If you want then you should understand that dandruff
There is an east and it is growing.
Extra is your normal East which
Extra is growing there because of this or
You did not control or your oil is too much
There, as I said, there is more oil, that's why
Whatever yeast is growing extra now
Is it or is it a fungus? You won't kill it every day.
Let it grow and let it grow one day
One day that chronic dandruff will happen.
Which means it will last a long time otherwise.
Please whenever you have dandruff and anti dandruff
Did the doctor give you the shampoo or did you do it yourself?
I think I bought it over the counter.
Atlist one daily for 21 days three weeks
Use it every day so that it
Actually, only then complete control can be achieved.
If you want, you can do it once in three days or a week.
Use it once to keep it under control.
But if not the first then there is no treat
It will happen now if you keep taking it out every couple of days.
And there's a lot of dandruff all over Pete
If it is like small white balls then that is yours.
If there is a lot of fungus, then there is a lot of yeast.
going to the doctor occasionally and taking oral medicines
Sometimes I will give it only for two days, sometimes
Pulse therapy is said to last only 2-10 days.
Will give later, sometimes it feels very
If it is bad then we will give it for a week
If you take oral medicine then it is very controlled.
I will come early and get treated.
It is very important that it is not dandruff
are
Please don't make fun of me by applying oil at the time of sex.
Because I personally felt that I too have dandruff.
I am going through the problem of teenage
If you have acne then it is probably related.
Maybe more oil production
Is
But this habit of oil came from my childhood.
Personally feel that now the health of my hair
is definitely partially genetic but some
So the role must be beautiful hair you have
It means that my hair is not falling right now.
So I take care of the body, touch touch hot yes meaning
Isn't it Vaad or maybe Bagira Bagira
Bagheera
But I have said different things regarding oil.
I have heard that some people say that
India should not be used at all in India
That mommy, you say this, no no, I am
I am a mother please always apply oil on me
Also believe that specially and this and this
I
And then for the next three-four weeks
People ask me about that oil.
And I am giving this recommendation but
Don't take one if you don't have to.
There is an Ayurvedic oil named Maha Bhring.
Raz that is actually related to hair growth
Ayurvedic brand name is not there, just oil
The name is the same as coconut oil.
Like Ma Brings Oil Just Said That Th
I should not use very thick oil.
It happens that I don't know the logic I don't know
But
Because of that oil my scalp feels very dry.
Get more benefits Riley Ha and even today it means
I apply wax for shoots and this
I have to post my post every day.
Styling hair care routine is too long
Massage thoroughly with Maha Brang oil every day.
I do this to the scalp and a mild shampoo.
What is oil based, I use it so that
The oil should also be removed and the scalp should also be cleaned.
I give breaks i.e. on weekends
Then because you are not shooting then
I don't use it and generally I don't.
Have to Face Hair Loss Definitely Yoga Here
Pranayama diet also has a hand in off course
I specifically felt that when I regularly
I started the habit of oil massage.
Get more benefits this is very
IMPORTANT OIL FOR OK OIL AND HAIR
For forest clean whenever you apply oil
Apply it on the scalp. It's our thing since childhood.
Apply oil right before bathing.
Do oil massage first but that should not be done.
Because before bathing our scalp
Most are dirty so we are taking bath and you
put oil in it and massage it well
So the oil on your head is the oil on your own head.
sweat product is all dust pollution inside
You are disturbing everyone by massaging inside.
So one thing that happens is folliculitis.
Meaning it becomes like a small pimple here
Pimple on hair and scalp can be corrected.
Should not be done but how to apply oil
You should apply your oil to your hair.
Oil is very important for whatever
The oil being produced in the scalp
It's not long and it's not coming anywhere else.
It's getting a little dry here and there in the ages.
It's happening in gee gee ages so you
apply a lot of oil and massage like this so you
Are coming the cuticles in that direction
Massage me so that it all comes down nicely
You Apply Oil We Did a Lot of Scientific
In studies on oil, we have seen that
That oil penetrates the shaft, not so
That this shaft is dead and cannot be used after adding oil.
It is called shaft which means hair.
Hair has a body, this is this, this is the shaft.
This root is inside, now there is something inside it
This is the root, this is the shaft, everyone says this is die
This off course is gone, the life in it is gone
No but oil goes inside it and
Its outer layer which is keratin
We say he gets rough that's why
Your hair becomes rough and your hair lacks shine.
Why does keratin go away if a good
I haven't been sitting like this since I got up like this
then it will not bounce the light equally
So shine will not be visible which is due to keratin of hair.
It's good, the hair is healthy and it has shine.
You need oil for that so you can apply
Oil of course oil oil you don't like
So apply deep conditioner, which is it?
cream format of it to
If you apply oil to your hair and not to your head,
You enjoy oil massage because it increases
Blood Supply The Nerve Endings Are There So
It's very pleasant you love doing it on a
Clean scalp after drying your hair.
Only if your scalp is clean then you go for Champi.
Or go for a massage if your scalp
dry and you know for sure which flex
There is dryness and no dandruff and your
The doctor said then there are people like this
If you control yourself even once a week
His scalp is very clean.
You can do oil massage butt if you are oily.
Scalp is prone to these episodes of acne
About Acne Prone Scalp Dandruff
If yes then please apply oil on your scalp.
Do not massage hair with dirty scalp.
We basically apply oil wherever it is necessary.
You should massage only after bathing.
Need clean scalp pe clean scalp pe
But normally the main function of oil is to
The shaft is more moisturized
If you had to do it, you would do it before taking a bath.
You can apply it and it will protect even with shampoo.
It's hard water, there's water there.
If it is not good then he will protect everything
Because of this and another thing which is very important
Have you felt that after pouring oil?
Hair is becoming dry and dry, many people
They come to me and tell me that I pour oil
After that I feel more dry
Is that because you think I used oil?
and you will shampoo three times, twice
Will do because you feel that oil coming out
Yes, because of that the oil is getting dry.
Hair doesn't get dry by pouring it, so you
If you add oil then you can add oil later.
Only rinse and shampoo are needed, it will remove oil and
The little coat that should remain will remain and
It is good, so choose such oil which
Do you like fragrance or are you adding it?
If you don't feel like it then you choose that kind of
N Oil Don't do this that I have poured oil by doing this
Put three shampoos and two shampoos and rub it.
I will take it out so we can
Moisturizers that work for dry skin
Oil does that job for hair.
Conditioner works that deep.
Treatments done in salon
Conditioning that works ok this one
There is one last section in the episode A I
First thought that maybe this section was not covered
Will do because not many people in India
A little hype after hearing about something on the internet
and then give yourself therapy
Looks like he's giving himself treatment
Don't do this so I give a warning
would like before this section because it
It is a medicine, it is very effective but every
We are not made for anyone's body
You are talking like that
Tell me about the medicine because American
People are afraid of that medicine, correct them.
Looks like he may have a mental health issue.
I am very afraid of everything because of that medicine.
Are you a fan of this or do you favor it very much?
This is the specialty of Mean West.
Live in extremes on isotretinoin
What is the science behind it? You said that
Cases in which all other treatments work
don't do it there you use it a
It is a very strong medicine and my
Be careful about vomiting during pregnancy or those people
Those who want children should not take them.
Want this ok so let me tell you first
What is Isotrione? It is just Vitamin A.
Prikar means the first thing is to be scared.
First don't be afraid of that, that is
What is the function of one and two isotroyans?
Does the oil glades we explained
Did you know that there are oil stains on the face?
Pimple occurs due to that gland.
Shrinks but with it everything else
Also the gland of yours which is the tear gland of your lips
There is a gland on top of it and there is a salivary gland inside.
It makes everyone dry, that's why when you
If you take isotone you feel that your lips
Tears are getting dry, not coming, okay
I am getting dry and some people
If ice becomes extreme then all that
When it starts happening, the first thing he does is
If the doctor gives it to us then when will we give it?
When your hormones are not messed up and they
The doctor also checked your diet.
The doctor has also seen that it is perfect.
Then you felt and so did your lifestyle.
The doctor checked that it is perfect again.
The doctor thinks his pimple is so big
If it is too much then it cannot be controlled.
If I don't shrink its gland then this is why
They give us isotrione and
The dryness you have because of that also
We provide supplements or
Give him creams or some eye drops
We give it after seeing everything so that
We will correct it only then and there
Should he take it himself or just vitamins?
A's pricker is not sir because it has
A lot of liver fat metabolism all this
If it can have an effect then you should not take it yourself.
Secondly, to get out of this body you
Even if you stop, it takes some time.
This is the off period which is a short time.
Now the fourth thing you asked is pregnant?
Women should not take it at all
Vitamin A should be taken as we said.
Do not even give cream to pregnant women.
No, don't put retina, this is why we say so.
We also talk about anti-aging
Don't put the pregnant one even though she is so
It doesn't because we put a little
Not so absorbed but still we
You don't say yes but this is a tablet.
You are taking it in and it is stopping in the body.
Vitamin A baby inside for a while
can cause great harm to
Not to be taken and if you are pregnant
If you are thinking about it then its three months
Stop already if you are taking Isoin.
If yes then do not take it at all and if you
Be sexually active and in a relationship
and if you are not on the contraceptive pill
If you are taking it and without your knowledge
You get pregnant and you keep the baby.
If you want and can't do it, you have to
Ask the Doctor because this isotrione when
You are causing great harm to the child.
can deliver so even if you are thinking
I'm trying here, it's done
So if you are pregnant then don't take this.
Drugs are many other things that doctors do.
can
As only locally we can do peels
is micro needling radio frequency
lasers are some things we can do
are to reduce locally gland
To reduce size to reduce activity
yes yes so isotin forever
There is no need to take because isotone also
Not that it will stop forever
No, will you stop his drugs for a few days?
The effect will be there again after six months or one year.
So you can get from isotrione
It seems easy in India without everything
If you get it on prescription then you can
Do you think that I will go and buy it?
I will take it, if it doesn't happen then please
After asking the doctor, we should take liver function.
Sometimes we test lipids after doing all this.
Function test, they do it all
Let's see what your life style is like
Yes and thirdly you said mental health is bad.
It happens as we thought earlier but
Nowadays new studies have shown that the effect
It doesn't happen but if you have depression
If there is suicidal tendency then we are not at all
If you give ok then they are also as important as you.
You also meet pimple patients
What percentage is isotenone given?
I am a very conservative doctor, so I
Even if I give antibiotics, sometimes
You see three doctors each for acne.
month after month on antibiotics
I hardly give it 10 to 20 days
Isotroyan too if I see it completely
Thought it couldn't be anything then I
I give Isoin and even then my dosage is less.
So that's all I need to do
If you do this and get out of there then such a low dosage
I will also give two or three things along with it.
I am taking supplements so that I can take care of whatever is bad for him.
I will take care of that from around.
Dryness Like Dryness Irritation Whatever
If it happens then we will maintain it a bit and you
I don't know the percentage, I would have given it on B10.
I would be the one that less actors would take.
yes why don't you take it
I talked to my actor friend
First of all, all the non-known things about isotone
Actor friends also net some points
I have taken isotone, I noticed this in Mumbai
That's why it became so popular
So they take it and what happens is isotone?
There is one more thing that the pores of the skin
They also start getting a little tight. Very little quantity.
I also call it anti aging because
Pores and skin become tight and oily
The oiliness of your scalp also reduces.
If it reduces then do it in the correct dose.
It gives a lot of benefits also
His Jee So People Get Very Excited You
Imagine if you are a patient and a doctor 10 times.
Have you gone to a doctor to take antibiotics? Stop
did it came again took it came again
You take Isoin, it's magic, isn't it?
The pain subsided, this happened, then that happened.
If it becomes a habit then first go without doctor
Do not take any other doctor will tell you
How much dose is to be taken, then take only that much and
take that much for the day because one thing
Coomet dose is done after doing it.
How much total should we take then that doctor
If you calculate then the doctor will do all this for you.
Safely will give her own goodies.
If there are evils then without bottom sentence
Never Prescription Isotone
take people take forever too
Sometimes always I won't say but I
I also put people in long term
B5 mg of isoin sometimes f mg
I give you three times a week because I know.
No matter what I do, their oily skin doesn't reduce.
The scalp is also oily and the skin is also oily.
It is very difficult to get acne on the back also.
And obviously it is not necessary to be an actor.
Nowadays everyone should like good skin.
Why Not So I End Up Giving A Very
Small dose in which I feel necessary
Pimples reduce with age of course
Everyone Has Less With Every Age
I mean, I'm not saying that you are
You will be completely reduced in 22
Change in sexual cycle and hormonal cycle
When will menopause occur?
Andropov is like that, that's menopause.
We have reached that time when hormones subside.
Testosterone can happen only when it starts happening
If it reduces then oil production will reduce.
If estrogen also decreases then its
If the skin starts becoming dry then it will be timely.
Yes it may reduce after 40
It may happen that it will reduce after 40
Which if you see it as hereditary
The whole life is to come, if it comes then it will come without you.
The age will reduce on its own after some time even after treatment.
That's what happens when your hormones
Cycles change and hence your
The effect of hormones reduces on oil glades.
Then it will reduce automatically after 40.
Acne patients see offcourse adult
Acne can happen at the age of 40 at the age of 30
Females may have males on time.
Maybe it happens to most of the mails when it
Start exercise supplement
start or start steroids
Give it because the trainer who said it
would have started the growth hormone by giving
It could also be because of that
Prolactin may be high for some reason
They may suffer from stress
Pollution Travel Food Obesity When You Are Fat
Maybe it happens to all boys.
Same things can happen to girls
Plus PCOD can also be there in that stage
According to some more gynecology problems
When hormones change it gets fucked up
Reasons why offcourse may not be adult
Science is now progressing very fast
It is there and there is a solution to everything. Thank you doctor.
Lots of fun, friends, this was today
Podcast I initially thought that
Along with the doctor, we also have a different diet related
Will do an episode some time that day
Couldn't do it due to constraints
Now I will tell you some of my own points.
According to the experience these are fine
My skin is very dry due to factors
The first major change which improved more
The quality of my skin improved
I stopped dairying about which
I talked about the milk thing in the podcast
did the cheese not stop the cheese still
I eat ghee, I still eat a little bit.
People's stomach is also filled with ghee and cheese.
Affected but if many of your
Pimples have appeared, definitely try it.
Do remove milk completely a green leaf
Eat Vegetables for Calcium
For another thing, things are completely away from things.
Move over specially processed cheese when you make pizza.
When you eat a burger, whatever is inside it.
Isn't that definitely in your stomach?
Inflammation occurs after a certain age.
That's how your body tolerates lactose during childhood.
Can tolerate b especially after a certain age
In India we all have small bodies
Try if you cannot tolerate lactose
Do it and see how the skin changes.
The second big change was that I started eating fried food.
I have reduced my intake of outside food a lot.
I reduced it and got benefits from it. Third
Variation Too Many Raw Vegetables Raw
Vegetables I eat Cucumber Beetroot
What else do I eat carrots? I don't eat these three.
am and sometimes once a week na me
I sauté some green vegetables.
Next Dietary by doing just this in less oil
I drink more water than necessary.
I drink coconut water first thing in the morning.
And suppose if more cardio in a day
I got coconut water for the second time too
And every hour all day long I drink a
I keep drinking a glass of water.
Important to stay hydrated skin
Quality changes completely spicy
I have reduced my eating a little.
Come on and finally I will say the final
Change is happening now, don't know why so recently
I tried whole wheat i.e. flour items.
I don't eat flour, I don't even eat flour.
I have reduced things a bit in my diet.
I noticed that the quality of the skin improved
It has improved a lot but this is mine
This is a subjective experience right now
I am not exactly giving you a written diet.
I'm just sharing my experience
Because I am also suffering from the situation of pimples.
I have passed and after years of hard work
After years of documentation I found this
I found out about my own skin.
That was just a little bit of today's podcast.
Missing Link Mera Hope with every episode
This is what happens when you get healing.
You get help, you get knowledge and I
I am sure that today you will get a taste of all these things.
Got a glimpse but trust me skin na
An ever evolving subject is an ever
Changing body part is yours.
It's a matter of listen and a little bit in the diet
Keep experimenting, remove things
Add things and see what happens on the skin.
It has the effect that TRS will return.
How do you like this medical series? Tell me more.
Also check out the other two medical podcasts, friend!
Our medical podcasts are great
All our podcasts are great
Please check out more episodes of TRS Ranveer
A The Team Will Be Back Very Soon Namaste Jai
Jai Hind Good Skin
[music]
yes h
[music]