I am coming right now to meet me
I don't think why would you come? Hey why?
I will not come brother, who am I such a beautiful girl?
I am leaving brother, it is necessary to meet.
Or you put the address and I will come right away.
I will come directly from here right now.
Ok guys, I am off to meet you now.
Just 15 minutes to reach in 15 minutes
I am fine
Oh my God this is really so thank you
[music]
Hey, let us also see what a hot thing it is, friend!
Hello hi there you are from ia and you from aa
I am from India or you like Indian people
yes
I do you have any Indian friend know you
Like a dozen people if a dozen people look like you
given off course
f
f the way the moon lights the dark sky
spreads like you in my life
You have become the moon, can I say something to you?
Like do you know the fact that tongue is the
Strongest Muscles in Our Body You Know So
Let's have some tongue fight if you want
[music]
want
do kissing hugging
loving done done done
Ma Cable Hello Na Na Dooing This I Locked You
Why I Do Like You
without
[music]
makeup hello isko me jaanti isko jaanti name
tell me then mine
You know this, you know everything, right from where?
Yes, you guys, I am from Mumbai, what is there to do with Mumbai?
Hey friend, I am very urgent.
Asking questions meant a lot to people.
The important question was where is he?
Where have you gone in front of me, friend, you are very beautiful.
Yes dear both or thanks to both of you
I don't have a boyfriend, it's the best, isn't it?
She is your girlfriend, not mine, hey now!
Maybe she will become as pink as the one in the pink dress
[music]
[Appreciation]
girls make me die
[music]
Hey man, this boy is so cute, thanks!
you man man why am i so beautiful
Okay, I am asking a question, so listen.
Right now you are working ok so where are you
See Yourself in Like Next Five Years
You are joking, I know I am in a job.
Where do I see myself?
top of you
All my sorrows in front of your smile
kneel down
[music]
Are
ha hello how are you i am fine how are you
Yes, I am very good friend, you IPL
So it's not because since I saw you
no, I can't look away
My dear, don't go and do what you want.
so be love
By the way friend, what are you doing talking like this?
I came to do this, so let me tell you some boys.
Let me show you how to answer yes and no.
ok, let me show you first
This cutie has understood, it looks like she's laughing
yes yes yes another interesting one
is this
Tell me this is no, oh man, you broke my heart
You won't let anyone, this one is yours for sure.
Yes it will happen, you can't say no to it.
Have a cup of tea all your life
give it to me brother
No, come on, no one is there for you here.
You will get a boy, you will get money, yes
Meaning like you just answered yes and no.
Similarly, you can earn money by giving your opinion.
Where can you get it from and how? Hey MPL Opinion.
From here you can simply predict yes
And you can answer no and from that you
You can make money if your prediction is correct
Okay, yes, okay, wait, I will tell you.
I will do it and tell you as if there is a question here.
Not Chennai to win match vs Hyderabad
You simply select yes or no here.
All you have to do is select your quantity.
And submit the trade and if your
If the prediction is correct then you will win a big amount.
You can get it immediately in your bank account
You can withdraw UPI wherever you want
So in this IPL season your free
Don't give opinion. If you have to give opinion then don't give opinion.
Get some money on MPL Opinion
I will go, ok, I am going to download now.
yes hello wow how are you i know you
you are ideal uber i did all that all that
Leave me alone, I also know you, yours
The name is not Maggi, I don't think so.
It hasn't even been two minutes since we met.
you made me crazy
[music]
What a smile you gave me, it looks like this
My heart is in the garden, there is a lot going on in the garden.
having fun
I am telling you the truth here, you are very cute friend
By the way, I don't tell all the girls this
You would know it if you had seen it.
Videos
I don't say no, I'm just telling you the truth.
I am very cute, where are you from?
Tired of Bihar, you are from Bihar, only then I
I would say why do you feel so close to me?
I am also from Bihar, oh nice, me too
I am from Bihar thank you god thank you meaning
I don't have to come to Bihar to meet you
By the way, I live in Delhi.
Do you live in working Delhi? Yes sir
where am i i just come to meet
Tell me where do you live in Delhi?
Please enter my address immediately.
Seriously I don't think you just always
I don't think you tell everyone this
Why will you come? Oh why won't I come brother?
Brother, who would leave such a beautiful girl?
It is necessary to meet friend, please enter the address.
I'll be right back. I'll be right back.
I am fine sitting here and watching directly.
I am you, you are me
I am coming straight there, start the car.
Ok guys, I am off to meet you now.
ok for coming right now i'm ok
I don't believe it yet but I see.
I have come out of the house, you are watching.
Yes, how much time is it taking for you?
Pratish bhaiya just 15 minutes just 15 minutes 15
I'll be there in a minute, okay are you here?
Stay, don't go anywhere, I am here, you just go somewhere.
don't go i'm not going anywhere i'm here
I am coming in just 15 minutes ok
There is no excuse for arriving early at all times.
Now let me make some bouquets
There it is still connected and it is still available directly.
It's just five minutes away from home.
[music]
I have come under your house, where are you?
Okay, I am leaving, let's go out brother.
We are waiting, she came under the house
Have you come, okay hair?
I got it from you
First
When Finally You're Here I Can't Believe It
I told you I would come right away
I came immediately, brother is my favourite.
And finally today I meet you with respect thank you
So much for the surprise, you are my favorite too
My dear, no moon or star has risen!
By the way you brought this oh my god this is really
So pretty thank you thank you so much thank you
Like so much I gut these people speak to me
Whomever you meet on Omegle
let's meet again
Jana first experience and I never
Didn't think you'd come and especially this
I Just Love It Like I Have No Words And He
I'm so kind and he's so nice. Thank you so much. Thank you so much.
But I don't know that much English, brother.
It's okay, you'll sit and watch the blog channel.
This is not all that will be seen.
ok let's go eat something
Let's go, it's hidden under the eyelids, isn't it?
as if you
[music]
Hello hi where are you from dehradun
No friend, you cannot be from Dehradun.
Not only from Deradun, but I don't feel like it.
You are also from Dehradun, no, I am not.
I have been in Dehradun for a long time but
I am not from Dehradun, I am sorry you are late.
No but why why am I feeling this?
Late Hey Aajal and Boys Thap Chhap Ho Ga To Game
Is it time to get married?
It seems like you are not getting married right now.
It has happened to you, oh friend, all this is like this, oh my
We were friends, that happens here, right?
Girls are doing yes yes in childhood
So yours is also done but mine is not done.
Man, it's just makeup and everything.
Don't you look so dirty even with good makeup?
are visible
hora aa g
taste hello hi
when did we meet again sometime
We met earlier, but you may have forgotten the memories.
There is a lot of tension, what else do you guys do?
I have done it, I am doing it, it's great.
Great Are you doing homework because I want
To do you the whole night you want to do the whole
night
ready ready sir
[music]
Just you and me alone, you have a job to do
Do it, give your letters, both of you, I will write right now.
I take
Friend, tell me who writes with marker?
I write with marker only if you say so.
Brother, I will write your name on my heart too.
This much
ok now
Write ok, tell me your name, what is your name?
Write this for a second
It won't fade away, it won't fade away for sure, look at this
I wrote
I wrote this, what happened this much?
Don't believe it, see it first.
in essence
Got caught, hey, I'm just writing this
Am
Yaar Hara, have you written too much?
Priya Pooja this butt is here look at the best
Below this also came two or three such as I
Above
[music]
Sometimes I will come, sometimes that, sometimes I, sometimes that.
ul keeps changing
Chata hello hello you guys are smoking
Are you not a smoker because it is harmful for
Our Kids You
[music]
no y