Many entrepreneurs and managing directors in medium size businesses
are looking for the ideal business managing software, to support their business needs and
to help them to realize their full business potential.
Utilizing the supporting software like for example Odoo is becoming more and more crucial and important in the digital age.
This video explores why Odoo is the perfect business managing software choice, especially for medium size companies.
If this topic is interesting for you, watch the following video.
Hello, my name is Tobias Hammeke and I’m the CEO and founder of Odoo Business Solutions (OBS Solutions).
Today I want to share the top six features of Odoo that makes it the ideal business managing software choice available on the market.
Perhaps you know this kind of structure when you look at your company’s software-landscape.
Software does not interface well with each other and don’t provide a 360 degree view
of crucial customer Information.
Without an integrated software solution even, the simplest processes can be very time consuming and even frustrating and prompt to error.
With Odoo almost all of your business needs can be managed in one system by the more than 25000 modules that are available on the market.
There are ERP functions available for Sale Inventory, manufacturing, project-management accounting with many extensions.
Odoo is also supporting all sales channels like for examples Point of Sales, CRM or multi-ecommerce
and can support a wide variety of additional business functions in other key business areas
for example like in marketing or HR.
You can even use Odoo to function like you own version of amazon by using its web portal which is of course integrated in all the other applications.
by using its web portal which is of course integrated in all the other applications.
In Odoo everything is multi, multi-companies, multi-warehouses, multi-websites even multi-ecommerce
accounting localizations, multi-lingual, multi-currency even with an automated update of the exchange rate.
In addition, the consolidation module makes sure you are always on top of the multiple needs of your businesses, all in one place.
In Odoo you can customize almost anything, the backend of Odoo is an impressively powerful development platform
but remember the more you customize your implementation of Odoo the more complex and costly the system gets.
Therefore, we at OBS try to use the standards of Odoo as much as possible with its wide range of integration possibilities and existing modules.
Still its always good to know that almost everything is possible in Odoo.
Odoo’s user interface is simply stunning. Let me show you how we can contact the entire process
from sales opportunity to customer invoice within 25 seconds.
A customer comes in through a sales pipeline, then turns into an opportunity
a quote is generated for a customer using a quotation template which then gets automatically send to the customer via email.
Next the customer can accept the quote and can confirm the order online.
All of the order fulfillment activities are then kicked off automatically,
an invoice is created send to the customer and the sales cycle is complete.
With the document model your business can operate 100% paperless.
Using specified actions within Odoo you ultimately have the power for automating any business process
and bring your business fully into the digital age.
With the IOT box you can enhance your business operations by connecting all of your IOT devices end machines with Odoo.
With the artificial intelligence Odoo can predict your next steps for example based on your usage-history, using machine learning or OCR recognition.
With Odoo we cover a wide range of business functions
They are not traditional license cost but the Odoo enterprise contract with standard upgrades and bug fixing included.
Server management is comparably inexpensive
For small companies the implementation is even possible out of the box without big development
and with our special OBS focus on Odoo standard and existing tools rather than development the price performance ratio is really remarkable.
Why partner with us here at Odoo business solutions?
Well there are many arguments as you can see. In 2019 in example we have received Odoo’s best partner award in Europe.
To learn more about us and everything we offer head over to odoo-bs.com make an appointment for free Odoo demo today.
We would be very happy to show you all the opportunities available within Odoo and how you can Odoo to optimize your business processes.
For further information visit our website browse the other videos and blogs that are available.
You find customer success stories our industry solutions implementation concepts working principles and much more.
Of course, you can also contact one of our offices directly and we would be very happy to answer any of your questions.
I hope you enjoyed that short video about the Odoo features thank you very much for your time and have a good day.