There is no bigger crime than failure in India.
What can't happen to you is what you have
The world will label you as an atheist
You are absolutely rubbish, you are useless, you are a failure.
To be means to be what you are.
good how to make business in usa
It is different from building a business in India
If you're starting up in the US, it's late
Is actually an ecosystem you will find in the same area
You will not find an investor in that.
You will get advisor and employee also there.
If you go, you will also get customers.
Simple basic actually people take risk
are ready for but their risk
Taking appetite not more than one year
There is no support if you go now.
Will you say do I need a loan or a card?
People will not pay me for the card only then
They will follow you and take away everything from you.
No it's not like that outside no one bothers
If you don't give then you will only get a little Sibal.
You got spoiled but you are not upset
I will do everything here, so I came.
Looking at couple of startups that are very
grown up and very quickly
Work was one u as valuations thrashed
Why Was One Coin Base Crypto Another?
It felt like this what happened hyper value
If your value is spoiled
If you have a billion dollars then you have 100 million.
Making revenue is your revenue.
You are sitting on 20 billion rupees, who will give it to you?
I thought money is what it is and is happening everywhere.
The place and the reason which is coming is all coming.
Down today's podcast with a guest who
Who failed in 12th twice and who had to face life
I got a lot of rejections who had their dream
Those who did not even get a job their dream career
Who did not get back to back in his life
Only got rejections and today that one
He is a very successful angel investor and
He is an entrepreneur and cofounder of
Simplified Ajay Yadav who is our guest today
We have talked to them about why
A culture has developed all over the world that
People leave big organizations
Becoming a freelancer and on my own
Starting things and if yours too
If you have the same thought then how can you start something yourself?
How can you become a better person with the help of AI?
You can become a creator and become a better freelancer.
How can you see that India
Where are the opportunities and who?
CC are high paying skills which can be learned by
You will become very big in this country.
The country has talked about individual excellence
I've talked about what's going on beyond that and
How do you and I make a little ₹5000000
Edge N can earn up to Rs 50 lakh per month
Individuals enjoy learning good skills
Today Show But Before You Do That Rajumani
Go to Clips and Raj Samani Shorts
Subscribe because that's where we
Put small clips of big episodes
So that you can become more insightful in less time.
Person ban sake end this episode complete
Available in Experience Audio
spotify.com
[music]
Not being emotionally attached to the number one company
Get emotionally attached to the outcome if it happens
what the outcome is going to be because the outcome
If you do this, you will think more logically.
Think carefully, what is that one second?
in a large market in a large market
Can you make a big product or not?
No sense in operating in a small market
Look what's the first one that you just have to
Now many people want to create a business.
Want to build a business but no business money
Makes business not money ok
The business that many people create
Anything that doesn't make money isn't a business.
Hake I think shock hai mab koi hobby hai kuch bhi
It's a side gig, whatever you call it if you want.
If you want to do business, you want to do business.
So the business will have to make money ok
If there is no business without money then first
What is the idea if you have any idea
In which it seems that people do not give you money
I have been saying this since day one, if today
I also sell my Socho Momos, we you
If you make it, someone will come and take it, okay?
You see that people make many years
Let's start building some tech company.
Are you making any product and
No one is willing to pay the money and we have failed.
hee
Most like it will fail, it will happen today
Otherwise after 5 years or 10 years somewhere
It's a failure to be that person and what about other people?
Let's find an idea that will help me
I like it man, this idea is very good
I mean, I don't like this ID very much.
It means I have a lot of passion for the idea.
This problem has to be solved and very
small means its market means do you
Suppose you have two blocks by two blocks.
Did someone do something in a small city?
What can you do if there is no big market?
Are you living in a small market?
Trying to make the idea bigger
Its outcome will be small, that is, whatever
Pull it, it must be small, right?
So if you want to do something big in actual
So you look at the biggest market.
Play a small role in it, the biggest one
A small market is like a big market
Let's see how we find out which one is bigger.
Market, which small market is it?
Think very simple right if you see like
Your design is done, it's ok everyone.
to design
whether it's a birthday card or
Be it business or flyer
There should also be video, it means some kind of thing.
You will have to make graphics for your business
Whether for personal use now
How many zips come in how many forwards?
What image does every person get, if you look at it?
Same same forward to millions
What is going on is graphic isn't it if you like
Have you ever seen so many forward matches?
Didn't think hey everyone is making graphics if
Everyone is making graphics only, so business
No, we do not mean market, we do not mean many 100.
Million people can use it, many 100
And we just saw that expansion
No how many people can use sots
Where the design is big market what are the
Other Markets Which different markets
Where you feel very big
Is it a big opportunity or a huge market?
Let's ask for opportunity later
'Cause you know I feel like that
The markets in which we operate or
whatever I read or think about
Wherever I am I become bias
That's why I think the market is bigger.
There is a lot of that in my world
Right for example is big. Think about it.
This way content means very big content
There is a market because millions of people
Everyone has to listen to the content and read it.
everyone needs to be intelligent
If you need to learn skills then
They should watch such educational podcasts.
How big is the market? 1.4 billion
What is reality on People in India?
She is very different vs I don't
no weather content big market no ham
Asking you how it happens I think
Meaning if you think about business
Go May Be Like a Layer Below Actually Think
That if I wake up in the morning, you
Drink Coffee or Tea I Think Look Into
Things which happen daily means basic of the
Basic means I think when you think of
Ideas means basic what's happening in the morning
Get up, do you want to drink coffee or tea?
There is a big market, the first thing you want is tea.
You don't drink, we drink coffee sometimes, you drink coffee.
You don't drink once, you drink many times and
For how long will you drink, throughout your life we ​​will drink a lot
It's a big market, meaning it's very basic.
I am telling the basic story, okay?
You will apply if you want a job somewhere.
No, you will definitely apply for the job, we are very big.
There is a market, everyone needs work, they want a job.
Whether it is to search or to get a job, that too
So I thought you would stay as basic as possible.
How to talk about design but how to write?
I have to write to everyone, I have to write an email, I have to write a message.
I have to write, I have to copy, I have to write anything personal.
There is a huge market for whatever things, if anything
I don't understand or I don't have the expertise to understand.
Not knowing what to do or not
Do you look around you that we people daily
What are the things that you do?
It means it is my necessity and everyone else is doing it.
At least it is the same big market but that
There is a lot of clutter in the market
Like if I go to make tea and coffee
So there is such a huge market, how will I make it?
The thought that what will I do something new and
It is also good what we are taught
You actually run the business in an enterprise.
Do what everyone else is doing
Brother, what is comparative with what he does?
Everyone has already told you that
A market agent does it. Have you ever thought about it?
think that
He doesn't drink tea and you have to speak
What about tea?
So if there is no one then the risk is very high.
If everybody does that means we're yours
There are some people within it who have this kind of
Do you like coffee or tea? Same story
Writing became the meaning of design.
Everyone likes something or the other right now
How do you tell anyone inside the store?
Does anyone like any kind of clothes?
I like clothes, it's not that everyone likes them.
So I think you all like it.
want to see something your way in which my
Be it a connection or a color of mine or mine
Does any memory remind me of anyone?
If there is any test then it is of your preference.
The options I think above become too many.
So it means that if there is a lot of business
So do business in that also but then in that
It doesn't cost a lot of money, I just like it
Typically grab an idea simple
Consider the idea if you talk about design.
Are you staying or talking about tea now Tata
Tea is already right, how can I get Tata Tea?
I will beat it means it's already there Tata Tea
Hai yun liver hai wag goat present in it
Present in it is Coffee in De Nes Café
Bru means if I go to fight then I
10000 crores are needed to have a stand
In the market but not actually
What I really want is what you want.
that you have to stand out in a small
Is it the same game if it's big?
You have to start very small market
You will think that you have to do it, meaning you only have 10
One kind of coffee is to make people happy
Let's make what these 10 people like, okay
Isn't that just find the first 10 people?
If they like it then it will be 10 out of 100.
100 will become thousand and 100 thousand will become lakh and
I think you will keep growing but what is the focus?
It is my desire to make even the smallest of my children happy.
If I start selling stuff there
You will see that Canva also does design now.
Adobe also does it and also simplifies it.
And what do people do that someone thinks that
Adobe is very complex.
If I didn't have the skills, I would have gone to Canva.
You told me that you are here right now
no need to use ok now can
Do people say too much template?
It's too much, that too has become complex before.
It was easy but now it has become very complex.
Simplified is now million people simplified
use why they think they
It's easy, it's new and it's better.
Actually nothing is happening I think
What are you doing that those people
Attracting those who wanted it
Haven't found the office yet which was on Adobe
People don't want some people brother.
I don't want to learn, I don't want to skill.
I don't want to go to school, I'm not an expert.
Just give me the template, I can't get it.
Canva has become big now.
Can't get it by Simplified
Dia simplified will become big ultimately
You Can Start Very Very Small So I Will
Tell you how because I also did a similar one
Cheese Curry A Perfume We Released Recently
blocko with king is awesome ok so
Our new variant that came out in the block
That's Bloko Legend and Legend Perfume
Are your normal perfumes for date night?
It's okay for me to go for the whole day.
There are all perfumes but this perfume
Made specifically for date night, yes that's it!
Date Night Pay and Ye in Nice
Actually we did not 10
Vomit's data picked up which notes he
What do you like, what don't you like, what do you like?
Spelling on their partner based on
We made this perfume and that's just one
Neech Mein Banaya And Ts V The Perfume Is
Doing Really Well Exactly the Same Little
Will you catch I think one you do that one then
You Can Grow It Actually Okay Let's Let's
Go back track a little bit because we
come a little bit further
Let's start with the simple story.
Tell me that in simple words in language
What is your story, where did it start?
US So I think I thought by mistake
I mean it's gone by mistake I guess
Going means you shouldn't have gone, you know.
no how did it happen ok because what about me
I was born and brought up in Delhi from the beginning.
And here I was, I am just in 12th.
I failed twice, we failed 12th twice
Done in Commerce, was in Science, was in Science
It was okay and I had to do science only, such science
I was so fond of computers that I had to do everything.
I once felt that I have failed this time.
So let's go, two means how to fail twice.
yes
Gone think myself and what's in twice
that once you fail, you feel
So it means absolutely no. We meant home.
Leave me at home, I mean uncle tao
Meaning, all uncles and uncles are your brothers.
The time has come, why will you become a father like a shell?
Our children are all fine, you are a failure.
Ho I thought nothing could happen to him
Even if you fail the second time, it's okay at first.
It has happened by mistake, it has happened for the second time, right?
And how did you fail the first time too?
I found some friends who are in 11th class
I said let's do one thing with the cell phone
Let's make a business, let's make a cellphone business.
Yes, I mean, this is about Ghaffar Market.
It's okay, I thought I'd share it sometime.
If you don't do it then they say in 11th that a
I work and buy phones from Ghaffar.
Which will be fine after cleaning them off
Will sell our margin inside the school
We used to call them sometimes
not sold
must fail
Gafar used to play second hand phone when he went, yes
If you get a phone then it will be useful for you only.
Later the phones were not sold but not the phone
sell and go to that gaffar and search
People were not educated in it and
Literally, brother, you have failed once.
After once, go to the next score.
How will you go to school if you are not in 11th class?
Children of, they have come in 12th class, we are in 12th class.
If you are sitting with them then you should know that.
Aren't you a little ashamed?
If you feel ashamed then go away from there.
And at least the list went to third class
Passed the second time but failed the third time
Once it happened that I meant secure
So I thought to run away from here
We go because there is no insult here.
It is happening from the place, it means it is happening at home.
Now she is getting insulted in relations.
So it seems that in the neighborhood it is sold everywhere.
Friends who went to college who have done something
We went away, which means I was stuck here.
If you reach second year then yes it means a lot.
Means fail i think fail hona come in india
Think and if you think that your age is from 15
I think there is no bigger crime than this among 18 people.
failure can't happen to you
It means you can label the world as you are.
Will show that you are not an agent at all
You do it, you are nothing at all
You are nonsense, you are useless, nothing has failed you.
To be means to be what you are, if not to be.
It's good I think, this is how I think people
How do you feel around me? You feel like this.
Let's make it come because who knows in small ones
Explaining the trauma that happens to you
It is also very difficult that at that age you
Your age You are developing teenage years
If it happens to you then every child
Not every child is good at studies.
It is important that one is good at studies.
Are you good at meditating and whatever?
People concentrate not that their mind
Does reading please you a lot
You may be smart, you may even concentrate, but your mind
I don't have to. I don't have to study.
No, but what is society like, brother?
You have to study, you have to come top, everyone has to be top
Everyone wants it on 999, right?
Children think that you come first
So that was the pressure I was feeling.
My plan was to run away if I felt like working.
I wanted to flee to Australia from here.
I am going to start applying literally.
in schools that get out of here
In school, yes, in schools it means the same thing.
Will do it from the same place for the third time
If I do, my father will catch me
I don't know what the plan was to receive any letter.
The waiter came home and caught the bus.
He said that if you have to run away then do the work.
Don't go to America if you have to run away.
Because there is nothing in your power to do here.
You will not go to IT, right? DC
It will crack, it will crack, I will crack you.
Crack Nothing will happen here if it seems
That it is definitely there and if you have to run, then run.
America because something might happen to you there
Nothing is going to happen to you here.
It's okay if you want to run away if you think you are in 12th.
And if we want to go to America then we have to do one thing.
Open exams give double meaning to studies as well.
If we do then I think I passed both.
In my 12th actually from open and
Nice passed from both CBSE
What is called buy margin and mine is like this
I think that was the motivation here.
But no one has supported me when I have failed.
Thank you, just get out of here, get the motivation.
Study was nothing, run away from here.
So whatever is in it after passing the buy margin
first flight first flight of my life
America was mine and I don't know anything
I don't know what a flight is
How did you ever see me entering the flight?
Otherwise I just sat down on the flight.
And showed everyone how to wear a seat belt
I mean, look around, I was 17 years old.
So I don't know anything so I thought about it.
Look at your English somewhere.
I didn't speak English that well either.
whatever is yours reach America
Then which college did you go to there?
What are you waiting for after going to America?
First I start my Pennsylvania
I was in Pennsylvania for six months.
I spent my computer science
Engineering and whatever English is there
Did not come to University of Pennsylvania
No, there was a gun at the University of Pennsylvania.
A gun near the University of Lake Erie
I was in university and I used computers there.
my software is engineering
What is there even in engineering?
I was the third Indian, okay, the whole underground.
All third Indians were there in the programme.
I don't even go to Indian Undergrad.
There were many of me who did not go and those two
He was my senior and when I went there,
He had nothing to do with Indians but
They met and I thought I would go
I am alone and don't know how to speak English.
Trapped here, how does he feel about running away from here?
I just want to go home, go home, go home
Papa said once in your account that
I have deposited the money, ok for the flight
You have the money to fly when you feel like it.
It is okay to come after booking but do one thing.
Try every day when you have money.
If you feel like it, try it one more day.
It's been 18 years today
is and that was means great trick which
I started playing in my mind
Said I am very upset today, meaning I feel like
I should go but I have money, I can burn it anytime.
I will try one more day, one more day
I will try whatever was my motivation.
One day does not mean that I did not think that then
Should I stay in school for four years or two years?
I didn't even think about living for 10 years, just for the day.
Saw the day that will not happen, run away on that day
If we go then it will be like this, after that I will get a
I met a guy in the cafeteria and I
It says that you want to become something, so you
go to new york okay i said enough
Great, apply the same day and the next
semester I moved to New York and
Then my first one in New York
Nut company started usually in India
Earlier it used to be like this in many places that
Very people are changing in our generation
Are Still Accepting Failures But First So
It used to be that if you did business and you
If you fail, the society will tag you.
You are a failure, nothing will happen to you
If you don't like the job and if you
If you are fired from your job or are you nothing?
When no one else will let you go from your old job
If you have failed then it's not just.
That even if you fail in the academy,
If you fail, you will be in a very scary situation.
People reach because overall society
She tackles you, brother, you are a failure.
you are nothing you get a second chance
If you don't get it then you will give the first meaning.
That means a human being cannot make a mistake, okay?
I came from Tell Me One and Two Things
Understand What It Takes to Become
On being successful it's a very quick question
I need to understand what mindset is.
Because if you look at the year 1718, we
Those who speak of US that Silicon Valley boom
What has happened right there in the last 20-2 years
Many Millionaires Become Multi-Millionaires
Because of technology you saw there
So where are you in Silicon Valley?
15 a year good in new york
So Banking California in New York
But yes near banking area
Beria means a year in Silicon Valley.
Two weeks to a month yes yes yes so that means age
Have seen the whole ecosystem right there
In the US we say that a lot of
Millionaires became multi-millionaires this past year
A lot of money has been lost in 20 years
The income in quality there in the US
That level started becoming less athletic in the
At last, what was it like before?
Billionaires are running the world now
Billionaires are there, they are multi-billionaires.
but also many multi-millionaires
Ban Ga Ban means crores of rupees for many people.
Wright has come closer and he is saying the same thing
Era India is starting now
It is going to start in the next 10-12 years
Many people are going to become millionaires in India
There is money sharing rights in India too
Have you seen any such pattern in the US?
Because you thought man this 20 in 2 years
So many people made money, so which people made money?
Who made it and who did not make it so that we
Learn a lesson from them and do something similar in India.
What am I not, whatever is the first
There are set of companies like yours or
Apple got the job done, right?
Your stock option is done there.
If you have the option then it starts from here
If the company gives leave to its employees
This means and says that I also
I want your company to be successful too.
Not only I, but money will make money.
I will make it, you also make it and when that company goes public
Gai or Baki or whatever happened mn happened in it
Whatever money comes to me, it speaks to me.
I have money, I also have experience now.
What if I start my own company?
F he hired people he then did the same
Hire those whom I now give e-shop to.
Hoon Op Kya Hota Hai Just For Everyone
Employee Stock Option Pool
that if you work in a company then you
So you get salary and second one will tell you
That brother I will also give you stock option
Meaning your option is to buy the stock.
Company Equity Company Equity Yes Company
Wherever you want to buy equity
You are only working if the company becomes big.
So brother, I also want some of his equity.
If you want stock then you will give him option.
You can say that today it is a Rs 000 company and
If the company gave me an example then
Brother, when it becomes worth Rs 100 crore tomorrow, I will have it.
If I make 10 then I don't know what will happen to my 100.
Whatever is lakhs of crores, let it be my 10 crores.
If anything happens to me, what's in it?
That every person has the option to make money
Meaning money will be made if the company grows well.
Isn't this what this passan would be?
The guy started it and got the employee to join.
He made money then started a new company
If he joins the new company then he will complete all this.
The ecosystem is this developed and I think I
MC Seeing the Same Thing in India Now
Is he doing it and whatever else is left?
Which is like papal mafia us india fraud
gone but there are many such as big as
The company I think is in it and which
Whatever F or Microsoft was in India
Those people have also come to their venture capital.
If those people also became our own then I thought that the way
This will increase the eco system and a lot of money will be made.
Long S These are the people who join the company
do it early
Do people know if money is actually being made?
Looks like money is being made so what now?
What is India that everyone says?
Parents said brother you have to do a job
My child is working in this company
Yes, we are set, he is also set, right?
Security means you will say it is secure.
Our family is secure, now the child speaks
Do I want to go to a startup or not?
What happens in startup still means
If you tell your parents, they won't tell.
You should also work in a startup.
Because RC funds are very risky.
have to get out
It is there, it is there, it means if you look at it, it is there.
The report had just come about Chart Mogul in it
I think there are 5 top companies that
Actually never worth 1 million dollars
What are you talking about?
There are few companies which make less than Rs 8 crore in a year.
If you make it then see how many people are there, that is,
She earns more than 8 crores at 5
What are you talking about?
Yes this is the report in Really India
No, this is a global report, so you should see it.
That in this we come in we come everyone comes
we are we come in at 5 we are not we
earn more than 1 million arr
Well, that's great if you do it.
It means, yes, we will be in the top 5.
no we
Now think about how many people don't make money.
It means that now it is said that 8 crores
That means there is no money to be made under that.
Isn't it 8 crores? It remains to be seen.
If not even a single penny is made then the companies will fail.
If there is left and right then you have
Don't want your kids to run your startup
It is very risky to work in
This means there is a huge risk, so I think people.
You'll have to take that risk if you work.
So the reward is also very big, we are the ones who
It's a bicycle, we need it to keep moving, then it should go.
I think only then will the eco system be formed.
Many are going to become millionaires.
We will continue to do this and we will continue to make others
Recently I Heard the Story of Someone Who
Very early stage in India
Joined an early startup yes ok
And he is the right now CEO of a
Division of That Company Awesome Okay
Inside is a information so I name
I can't take it but I can gas but you tell me
Okay, so the company is in trouble, let me tell you.
Next he started and that US
Earlier he studied at Stanford
Did engineering and then did arts.
When he did MBA, he had a lot of pedigree and
It's okay to leave your job worth two-three crores.
Came here to India and started doing normal job
right eight seven years ago eight years
He who joined first
He was going to get Rs 2.5 crore per year
2.5 crore rupees that were supposed to be received
Got a job in his place for 40-50 lakhs.
Okay, take the remaining 50 lakh stocks.
Okay, right now the will will be on that company's IPO only.
Make and made 600 crores wow so in 8 years
The man who made 50 lakhs converted 2.5 to 50 lakhs.
600 crore crores were sold off
Sops, but this is a choice, now people?
Let's do what you want as a reward
Want big but no risk
I will take it, but I don't want to take the risk.
I want a big reward, a lot of money
I have to make it, how will it be made?
The Option One of the Problem
So are ready to take but their
Now at present in this country and
Specifically in the score city country
Appetite to take risk more than a year
It's not like people in the US are 10 years old.
Let's take risks with the vision, ok brother 10
I will do it for a year, I will do it for 15 years and then
We will see, there is no support, there is no support.
If you go, tell me right now that I need a loan.
Do you need a card or am I not getting paid yet?
Only if you use the card, people will follow you.
It's not like everyone of yours will be taken out of you.
It means you don't have that kind of touch.
Doesn't bother me ok tell me
If you have taken a loan etc. then you will have to
people won't like it won't bother them
No one will even come to your house.
If you don't give yours then you will only get a little or
So will he call or will he come from the court also?
There's nothing for you to do, banker!
It may or may not happen if you don't do anything.
Nothing will be yours, only yours
Your credit will be spoiled. Your credit will be spoiled.
Gaa as an example but you are not upset
It will not be torture but mental harassment.
Not there.
Abuse is not elastic, that's not all here.
If everything is there then there is no safety.
If there is no safety net then you are not at that much risk.
If we can take it then I mean if I am in India
And America, suppose I have given credit to two places.
I took the loan, it's ok, I took the loan at both the places.
I thought I wanted to start a business
Example: I get 50 lakh loan for business.
I will start my business with two more 50 lakhs
Will teach yes I took it in US and
For some reason I haven't paid Rs 50 after 6 months
If I could not pay then I would pay the installment of
I will stop filling it ok ha
If I turn it off then someone will hurt me.
no no no one will come call me
Easy no tension good and then
If it's too much then I guess it's too much
If I don't get it then I will file a bank account.
I give it and say that Sir, from me
It won't be possible, the rot has been closed, nothing.
To be your right, nothing will happen, nothing
It will happen once and the loan is not given for a year.
You went for nothing you won't get again
If you take those 15 loans too, won't you?
Why won't you give me your meaning?
We are on credit if the score is over.
The score is gone, you are unreliable.
What went wrong what did you feel i
wanna ask you this question like they were so
I was looking at a couple of startups that were very
grown up and very quickly
Valuations Threw Okay Work Was One
u was one a coin base crypto was another
Many investors have rights in all this.
They spent a lot of money and spent a lot of money.
They also made millinis and then they started falling rapidly.
If we were falling then why did it feel like everything is happening?
I was thinking about you
No, if it is a business, then what about the money?
What is happening is that I think this is the biggest mistake.
I think people think I have to raise money
Let's take an example, okay?
If I take the first round, it's mine.
The first round will be raised as if you are worth a million.
You picked up 10 million dollars, okay first?
This is the first time that your money will be withdrawn.
Whatever you feel like doing, whatever you feel like doing.
I picked up 100 that you got because
You don't know the value of the company.
I think you will say that the value is 10 pes.
Whatever is on 20 is ok, do it ok.
There is no money in the first place
What makes investors judge your company?
We can't do that just by judging you.
It is on your trust that you got the money.
Team is good, idea is solid, money is available
What happens to your customers the second time?
He must have given you some money now
Let's go and start unit economics.
It has so many customers if so many
there will be so many
So how much money will be made by doing so much?
Meaning if you have to go one million then how much?
It will take time and how much money do you need?
It will be 18 months, you want it, right?
If you go to seek funding again, now your
The value will be on top of the revenue.
So what mistake have people made in these companies?
I think what happened hyper value
What can spoil their work is Hyper Value Tax
It never grows in value.
Get if your value is billion dollars
100 million revenue has to be made, right?
Meaning, even if you take 10 x, you will still need 100.
Revenue is 20, we are sitting on billions.
Will give you money, won't reach billions
Needed
tha or you go to the billion know that my
I will have revenue in two-three years
If there is no time for 100 million
So why do you have to go to billions?
Founders, what happens to us sometimes
I think everyone does that less
I will give less of my company is my equity
Neither if I increase the value then the one who
There is a battle in our mind, that very mind
spoil it
So what is there in it that we should think about it so much?
If you think a little about yourself, then about everyone else.
I mean about your people who team
About members so about est
What is it that you think is right one more now
we won't be able to can't do know
If we can't do it then we will do the work at half time.
We also give it value
can reach
Now the value of any company is stretchable
Your revenue is 40 billion and 20 billion.
You don't even have a billion, who will give you money?
I thought whatever was happening is true
The place and the reason why Kamling is coming
Everything is down on reset at the moment so if you
If the first round is going up then it means the first round.
Try as soon as possible and pick up some money
There is no use for you, you will like it very much
You will feel very good looking good
business doesn't work
And when do you feel that it will come back and
Will it come back or not? I hope it.
Dozen Come Back You Know What Startups Mean
It was as if money was rising a lot.
Funding was getting available quickly
We Call Boom Whose Boom Funding Yes Oh Ye To
I just thought it would start next year.
It should happen and then funding should start coming.
Sorry, there's a lot of money.
There is a lot of money in the market, sir
Why are you waiting now? I think right now?
Resetting is happening now if you see this
whatever is going on here
Entrepreneurs about business
Didn't think all companies would be devalued
It's okay, everyone will have down runs.
Recap: Everyone will be closed, many companies will be closed.
Your smart founders will go, right?
They will say brother, time is very tight right now.
It's Hard to Let Me Actually Work on the Business
It's down, I'll take it, I get less money
It's value is not covered by anything, it's okay.
Will Be Smart Don't Die A Smart
If he is given a choice then to die.
The choice should never pass to him
Gotta stay alive no matter what ha value
everything will increase, everything will happen but
Don't go from the market, don't disappear
Is one of the interesting topics and
Something That You're Really Passionate About
The company is doing marketing wrong these days
They should market them better
Right so what do you mean by that what
Doing it because marketing is here
Think athlete in today's world where
Attention and community are everything there
It's a make and
break 100% your product is awesome
Must be but very good product
Even after I thought if you are good
If you don't do marketing then somewhere
You still remember what they used to say
were that if you make it then they will come
Meaning that if you bill will come that I will
Building a business is a great business.
Make a very good product, people!
People will accept you, now you go out and see.
there is someone
[Laughter]
Otherwise this is what it is and this is what will have to happen.
If this is a market then I thought what are the people
The amount of care you put into making it
A little attention will mean that
If you become an athlete from day one,
If you are there then educate the people also.
We exist we are making this and
make it with people that if you feel
That is, I bring 10 customers and earn 10 rupees.
I will bring it if they come to you
So we will give you feedback, I think.
People, the first thing is that everyone
Marketing will have to be done so that everyone knows
That you act, you don't hide, you act.
Do you actually think twice?
As a small business if you
You are marketing I think as a small
Business You Have to Figure Out How I Can Make
one person work
Isn't there no resources in small?
So he thinks that man, a team of five people
That time for marketing is gone
Is AI here and has it arrived yet?
Whatever you want from one person to another
Banda Bandi that'll get you done
marketing marketing why how what
What will solve because it is not that
marketing means ai
Big AI through big clichés
Ideas come, they come because
You didn't do the work like that ok
Your output will be same as the input but
What's in AI That's Atleast in AI Right Now
What was it before that if you were doing marketing
If you are going then what do you want that graphic?
You need a designer, you also need a VD error
You also need some social media management
You also need copyright, now four or five
People, you want three, then you want one.
You will approve or reject it
Ideation is also required, thinking is also creative.
I think if you're spending so
much time in
Actually Working on Those Things Not Enough On
Management and Creative Thinking with It
Really Hard to Suck So what is it now that A.I.
Can do everything, can even design
Will do your video and writing also
If you can manage social media then one
The guy will do everything so your athlete basic
You started posting graphics also
Are you talking about your business?
Post videos also about your business
I have some blog posts etc.
Have written and start training the AI
What about your business?
If you create like brand book in AI then a
tell me my personality is like this
This is the kind of business, we talk like this
Don't do it if it's good or bad then AI
What is the train for your business?
Very very personalized clear letters will come to you
So Many Free Tools Available Simplified
Free What Simplify Do Lock Simplify Me
The
Simplified Simplified Actually there are three
Last year we started
10 years after the company
So what about the simplifier that we saw
That marketing is done by everyone.
Its problem is marketing you know
You need a designer, you also need a video
You also need social media management.
If needed, the team that is there has four or five tools.
I mean you have tools everywhere
Design tool became separate, video became separate.
It's time to write, it's all gone.
Once it's done, it seems like it's just time.
What are you wasting, meaning from here to there
sending files sending ideas approve reject
And here if you do this or that then it won't work.
She is a collaborator and is not working.
So we thought, shouldn't we create a space?
Let's create a place, let's create a platform
Where are all these things possible? Okay, all this.
You can design stuff if you give it to everyone
You can make a video and copy any video.
Of ads, of blogs, of sales, of emails, which
If you want, you can write in it, everything will be done.
You can share its entire content on social media
By connecting all the distributors
You all are not going anywhere.
Friends, everyone is inside your simplified form.
Have access as you need it
You have all the data, you have all the posts
How to make it perform after this, how to make it perform
If not then what will the marketing team do now?
What is the time lost if the work flow is good?
The marketing team started avoiding it.
This project is a task management tool for
management tool it is actually a
Marketing St Full Marketing St That
Has multiple apps ok or will it do
Everything for you from design to video
Copy wrong and social media ok let's come
To be part of building business right because
You spent 171 years in the US so I
Understand how to build a business in the US
Different is from building business in India
think
What is it in the US that first you have to grow up
There is a lot to think about for me in school.
I had my first sex in 18 years
If you start then what is there in it that you like so much?
think big think me kose my first company
The month of website development is turning 18.
Was in him so one did not become wait means most
To make your business big, think big.
Will teach you as much as day one
Don't think too big, it's ok for you to get 100.
If you want million users then bill user
Have you thought that if you want one lakh rupees then you should
10 lakhs or how big is required?
I will say accept to you which means yes to us.
This means making money for 10 million people.
Will say yes we want to make Mars rocket
If you want to send it, this is how you did it, then it's mine.
That was the first if banana le start
thinking
Bigly second what is it to you that there is so much
Comparative market is a very closed market.
If so, you will have to innovate.
Meaning you should say no at all costs otherwise you will have to use Meitu.
Product cannot be made yes ha ha not so
Yes the media is doing it for you of course
Stay Focus on Customers Actually and Second
What is that money right now if you want to put it there?
You need a subscription and you can get it for $0.
$subscription will not go to you
We will get only subscription market here
No yes, there is no subscription market.
Subscription means RBI refused
There is no subscription, there is no, yes, there is one.
Time yes one time means one at one time
Yes, for the whole year, yes, this is the address actually
I knew this, that's why RBI got it done, yes
lock this is so recently what happens that
Like I don't know what is the reason behind this
All the subscriptions behind this and
All businesses died because
RBI prohibited automatic payments
Will not be deducted from automatic credit card
like if my
Money was deducted automatically, just for example.
like i
[music]
But now I have to pay for the whole year.
And I am not giving the year's collection.
If I am giving for the month then
[music]
If you're starting up in the US
Actually N
Ecosystem So what is there in it that ecosystem
What if you have come up with an idea now?
You should not be an investor within the same area.
You will get it and you will get an advisor there.
You will also get all the apps and
Customer will get very simple basic
Actually this is your eco system everywhere.
There is p is most like most world is p.
Here you have to go where you are
Go to Bangalore or go to the village or else
Go to Chennai or some other place and that too
It is limited, not big, there is a lot of it
There is space and I think developed ecosystem
no need to go anywhere everything is there
It's all US so everyone is thriving
Imagine people thriving on every block
There are startups running in every block.
This is how it is happening, multiple stories are going on.
Multiple funds raised, multiple employees arrived
So that is that rob which is the eco system, isn't it?
That's a big difference there right now.
What do you think in the US?
What is the opportunity that people from India
If you can go there and create a startup because
One of the Biggest Opportunity in the World
What India has now, what India has now
The talent pool is very big, yes a lot of young people
Hustlers are too much, Hustlers are too much
Too much ambition to hustle mentality
Entrepreneurship is a big plus
India's resources are cheap yes lev
Be it natural resources or human resources
Technology resources are all cheap
Comparative to US, India is much bigger
If there is an advantage then many people here may think
To make something for the US market
Stay here and make it in the US
You can form a company and sell it and yes in the market
Can make right what do you think is
An Opportunity I Think Actually Ates
Whatever works right, if your
Business Travel as a Service
Running from India if you sell in US
Live anywhere from India to US
So it's okay, you can pick anything, take CRM.
Get hiring software to enable sales
take customer
support design marketing
Whatever Sas Agar Aapka Hai I Tha Run Like Crazy
If their benefit is also their cost then
That soft one is also going down and so are theirs.
So the advantage is I was with everyone and this is yours.
System is becoming soft complete now for business
ok let's talk about individual
Last couple of questions go through deep ins that
S N Individual Someone Now Next 10
Specifically AI to make a lot of money in years
When a lot of jobs are coming, everything is in danger.
Is Right What You Feel about High Income Level
What will be the skill? What is that one skill?
A skill that people can learn
Learn from those who mean it and earn a lot of money.
You can see I thought first
We have learned to play the long game.
10 Year Old I Thank You Really Net Actually Na
Whatever you do now, I think, think what I do 10
Can I do this game that we all do?
What 10 year game will you play?
The long game does not always actually result in success.
Success doesn't come in small games, right?
I think small successes come
Marketing is one opportunity I think
It's a Very Long Game So in Marketing
What do you mean by what skills are there in marketing?
What do you think is marketing
There is a department. Yes, there is a department.
Marketing athlete through writing
Start Writing Copywriting is a Very
Underrated skill actually okay brother if you
Within marketing if you
If you take sales also or add some ad
Will you run it, right? Or you will do SEO etc.
Will you do something or will you send sales emails?
Copy if you write ok blogs
etc. in whatever campaign you are doing
Writing has evolved and writing is
work connect us or did you see something
Oh yes, it resonates, it's big
It has become punchy, it has a big click, isn't it?
The hook is so good its i gut hook t all that
There is some script writing going on.
That too is writing, we are here.
Copywriting is one of the most underrated
Skills Actually That You Can Email Connection
Introduction Everyone can make everything can make
Neither do I think that is one skill nor
How Do People Learn
Writing Best Way to Learn Writing I Mean
Writing from the Eye Comes from I Think Reading
Actually You Know I Think I Do Think That
If you are reading then yes but I think
I just thought about everything like this
AI I Tell You How I Use It to Learn Writing
and i think by
Buy skill and buy any profession
You call it I think I'm a writer I'm a
Writer and a Teacher This is What I Do at the
The core of it even in my startup is more of
A Coach Were Trying to Coach My Teams
And Writing Stuff Like This I Do
What's My Core of It and How I Learned It
It's Very Funny I Used to Listen to a Lot of
Rap music is amazing and then what?
I used to wonder whether someone would rap or not.
If you connect a lot then that rap
Used to take out lyrics and then after that
In rap lyrics in a paragraph
used to put my oh wow so it's like if
There's a rap let's say about dreams night and
There are three paragraphs in the dream and I have a fourth
Used to put a paragraph that if in my life
If I wrote dreams, how would I write them?
And that's how I started doing that
One would get into the flow of the singer.
I used to get a lot of inspiration
Almost It's Like You're Doing the Same Thing
Just do your example and that's overall
In Time Help Me a Lot I Mean Janali I
Meaning Do You Journaling Know Not But in My
Like in my room left right center right here
Three Walls All of Them Are Rebel So I Keep
Scribbling a Lot of Same Here Actually
i love to write same note in notebook anything
Write somewhere, just keep writing because write there
It is the same practice but journaling is a
Good way actually if you like writing.
If you want to learn then journaling is a good way for
Second if you forget now a then atleast put
Your Thoughts Drop whatever comes to your mind
It means that ideas just keep coming.
I have started from today right now
That friend, whatever comes to my mind, I will write it down.
I will write, I opened my notebook and notepad.
there p up started typing whatever
Whatever thought is coming to mind
If there is something you feel like writing, then write.
Let's see what to do later
What has to be read will be seen.
Let's Write Another Way I Used to Do
Same Thing Because We're Talking About
While scribbling, I am listening to someone's speech.
or watching a podcast, I
I used to make his notes but I
Suppose there is also a paragraph or line 10
Watched for minutes then pause after 10 minutes
I used to do it and then I used to write in my version.
I wrote exactly what you quoted.
If I saw your podcast I would
I will not quote that same version of mine.
I will write to him, I will make my drawings
I will do different things and then it
Helps me a lot so I think it's the best
Way to start writing that you will create
Catch up on what you see, hear or read
If you are interested then first you start with ease
And then automatically you take your thoughts
Do this in journaling because very
People have difficulty journaling.
Yes to journaling
No matter how you get it done, don't write, I think is the first.
Step Any Last Thoughts and Let's Say N
Advice for People Who Are OK Let's Let's
Put It This Way with Formalization and Framework
give
OK one and this is poor from the point of
View how a person's productivity
increase or increase money or skill to earn money
Increase right, I tell three people, three forms
One who is a freelancer One who is a person who is
An employee in a job and a third who is an employer
Give me one advice for all three.
With the advice or skill or tool
may their life be better
What should I do to earn more money?
What am I looking for these days?
I actually came when I just came
I started to believe when I was 17 18 years old
So I started my first business in college.
Don't start anything with him first.
I picked up the first one myself
Project means freelancer to me
Well, think as a freelancer if you
Freelance if you have a specialty in college.
So start making money today and I think
The Simplest Ways to Make Money as You Age
Freelancer and simple skills you can learn in college
It's like the video got dinged we are very
It's okay these days, I say.
Just start adding subtitles to the video.
Do it, you will just find the subtitles and put it on, ok
Or you can reach out to the brand founders
Get out or pick up the business owner ok
Neither their brand management nor their go writing.
Start with three basic things and all three
You can do all three with AI
Who is the one who has the same job as me?
If you think of your job as if you are in sales
Yan Akwar New Skill Akali Agar Lagta
That I am an engineer and I am interested in
If you want to go then start trying to acquire it
Skill Basely Lane I Think The Best Apple Fur
Job DB I want to make more ok
Nana and I are inside the product so you
You can move to sales as an engineer
As a product actually contains you can
Actually Learn How to Write Better Copy for
Sales Sequencing Actually I said that
I have to send three emails to Raj, first email
It will be like this, second, it will be like this, third, so that
I get Raj's attention and then I
Whatever he wants to sell, I will pay it to him on call.
Sell ​​Nice I Think As An Employee Most
Likely Do That and Find an Employee
Tools to Be More Productive and I Think
That's writing especially we like most if
If you have a job then you definitely write emails.
You write a lot of emails. You write a lot of emails.
Those who have not been answered come, those who have been answered
You have to either definitely start
Using AI Day One I am telling you what I mean
Save your time that is going away so that
You Can Actually Use the Time to Be More
Isn't it creative and the strategy is actually
It's time to think about how I should move forward.
No, you are so busy with your job that
You don't have time to think, friend?
How do I go from here to this side if
How will you do business if you don't have time?
If you don't have it then definitely use it for athletics.
Aam se writing special ok so koi
The extension is installed on your email.
Have to copy paste bias plug
But simplifier is less extension is ok
So less extension will be required if you are from there.
You will be able to download it
I think you will be able to use the website
As an Entner Actually How You Use It Is
All you have to do is create your I Think Brand
Start making now what is the biggest mistake
What people do as an enterprise
That I started the company, I did all the hard work
do everything but no one knows me
People in my company know everything now.
The company did not work. Who are you? We are nobody to you.
Don't even know you are such a company
I thought you would make it and then brand it.
Start building your brand today son.
Many people are afraid so no brand
Let's speak to a lot of people
Because I Believe It's Better To
Build brand first then product right
First create a brand and then create a product.
What I Believe in a Bias Because Probably
I am a content creator so this is why
I liked it and because I
I have also seen your brand in my last business.
hoti people buy more ijli than you
Trust more easily and it would be better
There are many people right in your life.
I talk to Empen who is very nice
The products are a great enterprise.
billion dollars their valuation etc.
Nobody Knows Nobody Knows Raat and I
I ask them and they say that
Man we didn't make it because we are
Scared of fellers we write everything publicly
If you hit and the next round is not held then you fail.
If we go then our thesis is not played out.
He feels this every day from day one, so here's the reason
People are afraid that I am so public
I will do everything as you say, then you will say very well
I was watching but nothing came on its own.
That's the same way I believe in
That brand is yours, your brand I think
Sometimes you have to be tough even with the company.
Because what if your people leave the company
How will I connect if I connect to you?
If I contact the company, I thought I will connect with you.
I will do it 100% but what is not there is more.
Is good
I Think Failure Is Actually a Blessing In
So many wells because failure makes you human.
It seems if there is something wrong with your story.
If it doesn't exist then where is the story worth reading?
It will happen if there are ups and downs in your story.
So you wrote the story book and everything is good
It was good for everyone when you were born.
School was very good, you were a topper.
The business that was all your businesses was successful.
You got money, you made a lot, sometimes you struggled.
You won't do that, why will you study me?
I don't even know, so I thought about it.
The story should not be sold and should not be made.
If you want then I thought so if you are a failure
Mud also happens, up and down happens.
There are ups and downs, anxiety, everything that hurts
Whatever happiness is, I thought it would be everything.
It is necessary because that power is there.
When his story is shared publicly
There will be sadness when it is shared but people who
The right people who will connect with him
If you connect you will get more power.
Interesting thank you so much for sharing
Insights Thank You So Much by Thank You So Much
For telling us inside of how you made your
Journey Possible in US and Now Where You Are
Try to Do Around the World I Hope
The market for designing is becoming bigger and bigger.
Thank you it's been fun thank you so much this episode
To see till the end tell me that this
What was good and what was bad in the episode?
I thought because only if you give me feedback.
I will try my best to get that feedback.
Taking this podcast seriously
So that we can bring you better value
Do you know this episode?
Because one has to share with a person
Conversation Can Change Someone's Complete Life
Ants Episode Keep Figuring Out and Don't
Forget to subscribe the channel
[music]