How do social media creators make money?
and in what ways do they earn money now?
Brother, ultimately we have money because of you.
If I earn, I feel that sometimes
Come out and tell you the inside stories too
Should be given for transparency and
Educational Purpose If you are a birder
If you are a creator and are stuck somewhere then maybe
You also learn something new from this video
Implement and grow in 2017
We started Labor Law Advisor and now
It's probably been 7 years of content creation.
RJ and I both have full time jobs.
Mainly we are a small team of 12-15 people
People facing labor loss personal finance and
Provides awareness on scams
We have a following of 6 million, this is why you
Understand how much wealth one would have acquired just from that.
Now I am going to tell you this is money
Minded Mandeep Welcome Back To The
[music]
Channel This Video Is Spun By Odu More On
That Later As A Creator You Have Money
There are different ways to earn and if you
If there is a uterus then the first method is done.
Do you keep making videos all day long?
Also get 4.8 million subscribers
Brother, you must be earning crores of rupees.
Neither number is available on the subscriber.
You get advertisements on views if you
You are watching the video and at the beginning
Somewhere in the middle and at the end you will find an ad
I saw 55 shares of that ad.
You will get 45 shares
To join youtube4 program you have to
Must be eligible and many years in advance
There was no eligibility criteria
You just upload the video and views will come and add it.
If you go then money will appear in your Adsense account.
You will be charged as soon as it crosses $100
Withdrawal
But overall 10000 views had to be crossed.
Only then your videos can be monetized
Then in 2018, Logan Pall went to Japan and did some research.
created a scandal and many brands
Felt that there is no place for youtube2 ad there
Friendly content does not come and our name
It would be bad to post an ad here, so said
It is believed that this is why
youtube1 and 4000 hours watch time
Complete fibroids are also called ad polyps.
And since the recent shorts came out
Now the conditions have been revised again
There is an assisting condition and one more
There is an alternate condition between these two.
If you fill any then you are eligible.
You can, the second condition is that 1000
On all shots including subscribers
You got more than 10 million views
Now how does this program work?
If you have seen the beginning of this video
Koi ad dekh liya some times unskippable end
Some times skippable after 5 seconds meaning
You could have seen a three role if I told you.
What does it mean if an ad comes while you are speaking?
It was a mid roll and after the video ended
Even after that, if you persist and then the ad comes, then
That was a post role along with that there are
Also display ads, money from all these ads
When
youtube4 we get 45 youtube0
Revenue depends on many factors
Remember the first factor is the economy.
202122 Bull run was going on in the market
Home loan interest rates had fallen to 4%
Every startup was getting paid at Rs. 6
Funding was being received and companies were doing IPO.
This was extra in the market
Liquidity had come, where will it go?
Startups will do their marketing
Significant part of marketing budget
A month passed in youtube1 when our
monthly ad revenue youtube crosses 1 lakh
It was said that geography is the second factor.
Your shoe brand is your shoe ad
Want to run more shoe ads in India
You also have to drive in the US
youtube1's marketing budget is also higher
This means that if our audience is US
If I am sitting and watching a video then those who
The ads that will be shown will be expensive ads and
If they increase our revenue then run ads
We understand how much money it takes
Means that the teaser was received from CPM at cost.
How much does it cost to show your ad to a thousand people?
Spending money now because of all the ads
Doesn't rate the same on keywords
Will depend and will depend on factors
And the rate of each ad is different, so our
Near
For youtube2 we have our
If you see CPM number then I have told you
Our Life Time CPM has been opened in this we
Can clearly see that in 2018 we
11 months before we were monetized
Worked in unemployment and in the beginning
Our CPM was around ₹80 sometimes increasing
He used to touch ₹ 1 and after Covid
This CPM in Maths even went up to 5060.
If we look at later times, this CPM
It started reaching around ₹1 and we
Fast forward to today's date.
CPM averages around 200
Do you understand the meaning of this advertisement?
Money for showing ads to people before Covid
Were giving around ₹1 and after Covid
₹2500000 Our CPM ran in India
157.5 on an average last 365 days at 0.9
Views came to us from the United States and
Its CPM is literally 910 times ₹1 38
Similarly if someone is watching in Pakistan
People are watching from Pakistan on 1.1
So spend only ₹ on Pakistan's advertisements.
Are you staying or advertising in Pakistan?
Spending is the third factor
Industry and Target Audience When Brands
Targeting is also done keyword wise too.
If targeting happens then think that if
You have to run an ad on one keyword, that same keyword
But if other brands also want to run ads then
You guys will bid and the ad expenses will come naturally.
This means it will increase if I do something hot
I am making a video on the topic i.e.
iphone.com
but I keep telling everyone like this
I am there friend
[music]
[music]
BMW's Prank Gone Rang Its Ad Revenue
Let's see an ad of Rs. 00 on about 900 views.
Now I will show you another video to generate revenue.
Let me show you, its title is 10 Hidden Conditions.
Of health insurance on this around Rs 76000
Views are such that it can be said that the first
There was a video which had 130000 views.
Just double or slightly more than double views
If yes then the earning should also be double but the earning
Here it is much more than double 10500
Double is ₹2500000
But the first video is April Fools'
A few ads have come which earn 00
Those AIDS are also those which are generic.
There are AIDS for example tooth paste
Gaya Bikaji Bhujia is such a product that everyone
The one who uses AIDS comes in the butt.
More targeted ads are not available and this
There is a problem with bloggers too if they
The titles are like I got gas today
Mom threw me out of the house, this happened today
If it happens today, it is very generic.
Titles have become how ever a lifestyle
There is a blogger who has cracked it.
You see the titles, he will speak today
BMW's will also run ads. Today I have run Nike's ad.
If you took the shoes then they are basically a little
This is why the movement towards material birth keeps happening.
Because then you get money on that only
And if people see the same thing then Rahul's
Bullet ad will come in bullet blogs
It will come along with it, guns ads may also come.
In some other country ours
youtube1 reached 52 million views in 2024 and
Our ad revenue on that was around ₹
108000 this is our share now you will get 50
Even after million views he earns so little money
so because
Most of the revenue is generated long term.
Because of the ads that appear on the video
When shorts come, we post daily
And frequency of long videos weekly one
And we can also see its breakup
347 rupees were earned due to long video
And contribution of shorts in the same month
It was ₹5000000 so if you want to come up with an idea
How much money is there for how many views?
Shows you an individual long video
I just made a video last month
Made Six Reasons Keeping You Poor
You guys also liked the thumbnail a lot
Currently it has 1 million views and
Life time revenue is ₹1 45000. Come on.
Creators of niches other than finance
Let's call and see and ask them
What was their revenue from turning it on?
How are you? Very good sir, please tell me how.
great, great, just keep going
Oh they don't know this is the sky
Chaudhary India's Most Trusted Automobile
Creator and my very good friend
Tell me one thing about your last month
[music]
And there is a 1.6 million views here and
These decreased in the last 28 days
No
Subscriber I said how come it is so less
Views gone here Views which are last 28
Day is 5.1 million and revenue is 197
523 Is this average or has it increased this month?
Or did the average decrease a little this month?
This is what is going on, meaning basically this is what ticks.
This means these are almost average views.
Slightly decreased but revenue average is because
went because
Neither increases the revenue share a bit
Because some people also walk above him
And this is a bit much for the company
Other wise I should have been around 150 160
It should have been there but it's around 197 right now.
it happens that
[music]
It's less relatable if you tell me yourself.
Ajay Devan SR's and Akshay Kumar Gutke's
If you add it, it will hurt both you and me.
Know that two of these people are not Gutka
Eat But Creators On The Other Hand Gutka
Eat butt creatures on your other hand
And rise up from people like me
People like you and me are our favourites.
Creators watch as they wish
Subscribe as per your wish and
Follow Brands That Thought
Has dedicated video integrated video
Meaning the usual content I create
I will make the same for a minute or two in between.
The message of ad break or sponse is for
I will tell my people that I am dedicated.
Video means that we
We are not creating usual branded content.
Making a special video on request
In which we can see its product for a minute or two
Promote throughout the video, not for
If it has to be done ethically then
Integrated video which we are making completely
Have butt cum inside her for a minute or two
We are just segments, we are just segments.
Get verified from the brand and that too only
So that we do not misrepresent any fact
Don't let every brand like this now
doesn't come because they want it to be complete
We control the video with the brand.
Work when the overall video
We have editorial control, right?
That brand has the video in which we
They are giving opinion, they are giving education.
It should be our words, not the brand's
For example this video also has sponse
But spawn sir and you guys this video first
You are watching this only after the release of time
It's not like Spon sir did this video first.
If you have seen this then let me tell you the picture of Rosie.
Reality is so dirty that many times
So the script itself gives the brand and speaks.
You just read it and tell me and you also
You must have noticed a lot of this gaming betting.
The creators of the apps who
They are promoting people also
Give because there is a script in front of them
comes and now they read it and say
If we talk about how much money is made then its
There is no right answer, there is no one big one
Creator to do an integrated video ₹1
Even a lakh can be taken and someone small
Creator, same niche, same promotion, Rs.
Can also take lakhs, this is exactly like
Stock market where you buy any stock
Sadly I can't find the fair value.
LLA can't tell you this number
Because this is confidential to me
To hide from brands and agencies because
These people play games many times, this is the story
Let me explain some other time and if you are a birder
If you are a creator then think that a video
Pay on an average how many views do you get
According to those views you have a range
It ranges from ₹1 per view to ₹per view.
There is no rule or formula, these are those numbers
That's what everyone in the industry is charging.
Views are at ₹1, they will charge
Whose credibility is a little less on ₹
Those people who have more views will charge
And those who charge more than Rs.5
There are people but I'm sure as long as you're there
By the time you reach there you will have figured out that
What do we charge you at LLA?
charge the highest or want to
Because We Reject More Brands Than We
Promote because of that people's trust in us
And now the brand also knows that
If we get promoted on LLA then ours too
We will increase credibility a lot
Have worked with influencers but I
Think the Kind of Trust That LLA
Followers Have On LLA Really Shows Because The
Conversion of leads the actual order
Placement from Leeds was the absolute best
Best from LLA Comparator to any other
Influencer in India the best part is
LLA is quite transparent in terms of
what they want to do what they want to say
Anything he doesn't want to say?
Do not do so because of which their customers
Or loss of audience, this is what
LLA is worth this is what we deserve and
This is what you deserve this brings me
Third source of income after income but first one
A little back story for the first time in 2021
Once I got a good sponge he said you six
Make Video on Life Insurance Pay Per Video
We will give you ₹2000000 only then we will regain our senses
Were blown away because above 0000 we never
I didn't even charge the first video
Created and sent to the brand for review
The brand said, hey, you have asked other companies
Why have you mentioned the name of Limited?
Why pay and return of premium is wrong
I have told you to cut out this part.
I said, the part will be like this, you will remain like this.
get your money back that video
youtube2 way to give you the best term
Told me how to pick up insurance
But in order to be unbiased, we
I have caused a lot of harm to myself, now we are thinking about it.
I thought, friend, we refuse everyone.
So how will we earn money then we made
We will do the strategy that has been doing
That is tell you how inferior
Insurance policy identity is away from them
How do you have to find a good policy
Have to buy so that you secure your family
Got a lot of love from this strategy
I made health 43 minutes long video
On insurance, which 8 lakh people see
No brand was praised in it
You will get the opposite evil.
We asked for support from you, now you work
If you have to do that we have something
If you have given value, then you from our link
Go only to buy or compare policy
You can support you indirectly
Not a single rupee extra from doing this
You have to give upside down in many cinema
Discount at 10-2 will be found only 20
10 Butt we get freedom to make video
We will not get a brand to be a pupil
We will have to give us words spoken by a brand
You will not have to speak bottom line
He refused every sponsor that our
Wanted to control the script and
In the insurance, he made the rule that
To a life or health insurance brand
We will not promote the spons
If the company wants to take money, then all this missed
Sailing can stop why not
We always want to do this question
That's why no life or health insurance
We do not take money from the company.
If it was promotion, butt sponsorship
It does not happen because the spons in the sarcip
Creator upfront money to make video
There is nothing like this in the Afit
Because the brand made me video
Did not give the money of Bigest Examination Is
amazononline.in
You are making content in Neesh
Products amazononline.in
Open the account, but a half percent of his butt
If people trade, then they can say that the month
I have an additional spon head so big
Income is not but it daj all edge a backbone
Because many times this to small creators
Tension is not new next month
Spons will not come to Sars, salary will come
How to pay another revenue
Source that is the most important
That happens to scale the creator
Her own products now have you too
Have your own product and you
If you want to scale online, you
If e-commerce store is needed, it
For a simple efficient and affordable
The platform is an open source ERP
And CRM platform where you have your
To manage all business operations
You get all the apps on Odu by just going to Odu
Click on Start Now It's Free
Your business in just four easy steps
Put a functional by putting basic details
To create a framework of e-commerce website
After that you use Ou's website builder
You can customize your website by doing
And than it's ready to launch it is very
Simple to use is now online store, so you
Products have to be inserted for him
Product Name Price on Product Page
One of the description and product
Multiple photos you can put a lot
Infact you can customize everything
Even multiple variants of products
You can also add and edit the butts
Stock of every variant can be real here
If the time will be updated for you
Managing inventory will also be very smooth
As well as the website
Your Convenience on Edge on Google2
List multiple products here
Hai and start your sale and start
First Application on Edge You Allredi No.
Absolutli free to use forever with
Unlimited hosting and support together
Custom domain also for the first year
Free of cost is oo's e-commerce
Link to you in description and this video
Find the top comment i.e. pin comments
You will go after the video is over
We must check out in LLA last
Both digital and physical in many years
Type products have been made and
Scale has also talked about physical product
If we do our flagship aware
There is a journal that was first sold in 2022
6000 copy and sold in 2000 copy 2023
2024 version sold Around 12000 copy
If everyone is not a pro in Jernling
We made guided journal that give you daily
The question asks the first question, will remumbers
Today by you, you will write your memory
And another question forces you that you
Think by reflecting your life and then
Answer that, now how have we design it
What was done what was done by customer
How to make feedback overall to create a journal
How much did the expenses come in marketing
How did marketing be spent on this
Aware RJ and Anadi Enddi who called Journal
Both of them have led a very
Have made a good video in which you
Put all the numbers transparently
So that if you get some of your e-commerce tomorrow
If you want to start a business, then you have one
Road map is how to scale things
This is definitely watching this master class
We have another physical product that right now
Is not about to come
Name is what to tell the name Hello Friends
Drink tea aware tea of ​​our product
The name is a little interest coming this field
I thought why don't we have a tea
Create butt his story i think to be launched
If you come after, there is not much better
Two digital products first of all we
This is what was made and we have courses
And this is quite a courses first
EPF and ESI challans to prepare
Courses were made of payroll processing
The courses were made which accountants and
HR was more useful for professionals
After that we wide a little bit of Neesh
End Taxation Related Courses All of you
Know Hax to save tax for salary
Employees for Business Professionals for
Freelancers and consultants all these
We have different courses and their
Along with this we also have master classes
Master of Real Estate and Capital Gess
Class is our flagship master class even
Peepal is a bean seting it tall drops of havan
Butt What Eve Courses and Master Classes
Even our chest was very proud of about
It remains because our courses as much as
In these depths and easy to understand that level
Matching for everyone in the industry
Our taxation is not possible
We have our super for courses
CA Anoop Bhatia dead by his teaching
Undertaker also awakens no knot
Hello
Friends we have real feedback from
Students mean that paid ai generated comments
No Real Feedback from Hour students and
If someone has attended then you guys too
You can write in the comment and we have more
Other creators also have feedback
Who himself said that your taxation
There is no big dose of courses of courses
It bad does not leave every even after that
Friday is Live QNL in Community
And the teacher himself would come and answer Q NA
There are infects in our forums too
If we ask the question, then we answer his answer
We definitely write, apart from this last year we
Kohrurt also did Finance for Tins
In which we explained finance to children
That investment and stock market
Finance is not a finance that children
But should be taught but unfortured
But this is not taught in their schools
We 100
Parents did this kohade with children
The feedback of a very strong
Motivated As that it has to scale more butt
Right now we are getting a little figure out that
What should be its proper model because
If this is a cohort, it would have live classes
Hai in the batch, we solve this problem
Want to do more children
Reach Vile Mente Ning the Sem Impact
That is, that one on one experience to children
If you should meet, if I give you a breakup
So spons ship Afit
This is an off -hour revenue on 80 and our who
They have their own products that is 20-25 and it is
Why do we have to reverse so that
We are a little less dependent on the outside world
Are you more on your own product
Made better products for people
Get spunner ship Afit and youtube1
The problem is that if the market is running well
If the companies have money, then we
Even the market will come up well
If there is a government, then there can be a government
Due to new rules or regulations
Revenue stream can be a hit if someone
It is also the prime focus of the creator that he
How to Revenue from your own product
If you can generate it shift on 20 and 80
We also have channel memberships to do
Channel membership means that means
Join button on the side of the subscribe button
Looks like that one is a nominal month
You can become aware by giving subscription
Producers and in return we are aware
Some exclusive content to producers
Give those who never published outside
Exclusive podcast is also available in it
And we also take feedback from them that we and
Can you improve their inputs
Future content also planned by consulting
This is the matter of all types of income
We come to the expenses
Sony.Sab was also and maybe ₹ 2000000 Z10
Even then we had Sigma 24 to 70f 2.8
two of
Lensation has 11AA F 1.8 podcast
Mike Audio Interface Black Magic 8M DJI
Wireless Mike Road Wireless Mike Light
Phil Light Ring Light Burn Two Gimbles Drone
And keep the brother drone out a little
Don't miss when you have to use
And what is the benefit of all this when this studio
Do not be there to keep all this and shoot
E -lakh expenses to create studio one
Making studio 3 does not mean two
The cost of 4 lakhs to make three and then it
Who is being shot in 4K 10 bit 422
Where to store its 100GB files
If we do, then the storage system of 8 lakhs ie
Sas satya ness good then how will it be shot
Production and post production team
If you are Editor One Editor to Editor Thr
Editor for Editor Five Good complete work
How will start the topic and
If there is no script, then when is the writer one
First of all I came to writers to write
Writer Three Writer Four Many times Video
Even if you have to travel to make
Hotel Flight Food Commuter Video Made
Who will post social media
Distribution became so many people
Who will be his chieftain, Rohan Edit,
Will buy software how to learn new
Buy AI software all these expenses
Who will keep the account of the master accountant
Where will we all sit on my head office
Rent two are bored sitting and bored
Rinovate Rinnovat is going on another now
All this by mining the second team room
The profit that survived is that profit
What do you do to take the team to rotate
We made music videos in 2022
How did it like to see the wonderful anthem
Salary will also give itself a bonus to the team
Will give more significant money next video
But will also invest in making
Complaints also enjoy earning money
There are a lot of money
Everyone's stomach is also full of stomach
Just do not have greed, do it in humans
Click on the link with man spons
Give a little conversion, check out Odu from the
Link in the description and top comment
If you tell me, I go to read comments
Tell me to tell me in comments
What did your information work and how our
You understand the condition of the scene, man, what is the user
Bonest with me is able to earn money
Rahul is doing everything on his behalf
The butt is the only is not waiting right now