On the flip side, if you become too aggressive 
right now when the market is at an all-time high  
and the election results do not come out as per 
the market expectation, there can be a healthy  
correction. It's very important to go back to 
basics and understand 8, 10 key points so that  
you can make better, more informed decisions. 
This is going to be a fundamental analysis.  
I'm going to speak about certain stocks also, but 
please do not consider it as a recommendation. I'm  
just simply bringing it up as examples. Yes, I am 
putting my money behind them,. And the fundamental  
point that you need to know is that there's a 
very strong healthy correlation between the GDP  
of the country, this red line, and Sensex. Sensex 
or Nifty. There is very, very healthy correlation  
between these two lines. Basically, what you 
would notice is that the red line is And the  
blue line is actually more accentuated, so it's 
growing faster. So what exactly is happening?  
And is there a relationship between GDP of a 
country and Sensex? And by using this math,  
can we predict where Sensex or Nifty will 
be in the in the next roughly 10 years?
So I can do that for you very, 
very quickly. See, number one,  
the relationship between GDP and the stock 
market of a country, be it Nifty 50, Sensex,  
is very, very strong. There is approximately 
80, 85% correlation between these two things..  
And the stock market remains there only. It 
is not possible. And opposite, it would be  
the case that if our GDP shrinks, then 
of course, even the stock market will  
shrink. So there is a very healthy correlation 
between these two points. Second key point,  
the sensex is more accentuated compared to the GDP 
here. The reason is that our GDP is basically an  
approximation. Gdp comprises of unorganized sector 
in India and organized sector. Organized sector,,  
those are organized. Unorganized are, like someone 
is putting in a samosa, kachauri, kachauri, and  
all that stuff. That is unorganized. So how would 
you calculate the contribution of unorganized into  
GDP? So it's called approximation. Now, that is 
very hard to do, and there is always a mismatch,  
so to say. Now, what about stock market? 
Well, stock market captures data from  
the organized sector only. Just say, for 
example, ITC is an organized sector space.
It is listed on Nifty50. Similarly, HUL, HDFC 
Bank, they are organized sector space. Now,  
the growth rate of organized sector space 
is actually have been good, compared to  
the growth rate of unorganized sector.. 
Why? Because of this phenomena. Therefore,  
the stock market is running faster compared to 
the unorganized sector space. And Wherefore,  
stock market is running faster than the GDP of 
the country. So this is the mathematical/economics  
explanation. This is point one. Now, using this 
analysis, what can we predict? So first of all,  
you have to look at the approximation for where 
will GDP be in the next 10 years. So if you If you  
use Google, you will get the data that Center 
for Economic and Business Research, CEBR, has  
predicted that by 2035, we will be a $10 trillion 
economy. Right now, we are at $4 trillion. So  
from $4 trillion, we will go to $10 trillion. Or 
how much? 2.5 times. So. This will be at least  
three to four times. This will be at least 
three to four times. If you How much would  
this be? This will be close to 70,000 Nifty. Or in 
another words, to process this, how can you think?
. And it almost triples by 2035, then how 
much will. What I will For me, what they say  
is that see, so GDP can grow in real 
terms. Gdp can grow in fake terms. Now,  
fake terms means inflation-oriented growth. For 
example, at one point in time, Zimbabwe's stock  
market was the best performing stock market in 
the world, and their economy was Dabba Gol. Why?  
Because their stock market was driven by 
inflation. Now, without boring you, see,  
will India grow from $4 trillion to $10 trillion 
in the next 10 years? My answer is yes. It should  
happen that way. How much it will be due to 
inflation versus real growth? That remains to  
be seen. But in either of the circumstances, the 
stock market will run at that same pace. This is  
the first key point. I don't want to start the 
politics here. You guys make your bet.. This  
is literally point number one, that if you're 
just sitting on the sidelines doing nothing,  
it will be bad for you. You will miss this 
bus because this bus is running. It will not  
stop from that perspective. This is the first 
central key point that I would like to explain.
The second central key point that I would like to 
explain is, that you have a natural is at here,  
23,000. I have a lot of bulk cash. For example, 
I have one crore with me, or I have like 10,000,  
or I have like 50,000 with me. Should I invest 
in one go? What should I do? So this brings us to  
the concept of networth. See, let me put it this 
way. That for example, if let's say my networth,  
hypothetically speaking, is 10 crore, and I 
have 1 crore, which is free with me right now,  
and I'm making this decision here,. See, this 
is not really a bulk investment for me. Bulk  
investment would be that you are making somewhere 
around 20% of your networth or above investing in  
that. So this amount is pretty much pointless. 
It all comes down to your networth. If your  
networth is very small, let's say it's 10 lakh, 
and. And I have taken a decision, that you are  
investing a significant portion of your networth. 
Anyways, coming back and putting logic to this,  
see, I will just use an example that, okay, 
that Akshat's networth is 10 crore, okay?
And I have 2,000, lying freely. Now, Should 
I go and invest here at this juncture very,  
very quickly? The short answer is that it depends. 
It depends on where my 80% of the rest of my  
networth is. For example, if you would have 
been following my channel for the last two,  
three years, you would have seen that I have been 
mostly invested in the market,. So definitely, 80%  
of my networth is already in the stock market. If 
that is indeed the case, then I need to use this  
fund sensibly. I cannot go and invest at market 
all time I hear, just thinking and all that stuff.  
No. This is very, very important consideration 
that how much of it is already invested by me up  
until this point. On the flip side, your networth 
is 10 crores, and you have 0% investment in the  
market. Should you do bulk investing tomorrow? 
Most likely, yes. You should invest. You should  
not get scared about, like, you know, and 
all that stuff. You should start building  
your portfolio. At least if you're young under 
30, 35, 40, then I would say that you at least  
need to do something called as real inflation 
targeting or segmental inflation targeting.
Which brings me to point number 3, that segmental 
inflation targeting, the meaning of segmental  
inflation targeting. Just to make sure that for 
you in your segment, the cost of health care is  
rising, cost of education is rising. So at least 
for you, the inflation in the economy will be 10  
% plus. So what becomes your goal? The goal 
becomes that you increase your networth or at  
least you have a liquid asset, at least grow. 
So your first step should be, I'm okay leaving  
this 5CR for the next 3-4 years. Well, the short 
answer becomes that you go and you can definitely  
do bulk investing.. See, your idea is that you do 
this very, very quickly and get to that stage. So  
this entire question of bulk investing, I hope it 
gave you some clarity. Now then comes that, okay,  
I am like you, that I have invested like 80% of 
my money. My major portfolio is already built. I  
still have this 2 crore or 20% of my networth 
lying around somewhere. Now then what should  
I do? Should I just let this money die? No, FD 
serves an emergency purpose. You are done with it.
Now, what should I rather do with this? I 
should at least try to grow this near my  
segmental inflation rate, which is 10%. So how can 
I easily do it? One simple option is that I go and  
buy corporate bonds because corporate bonds 
can give me somewhere around 9 to 11% safely,  
and I can definitely do that. Again, you can 
go and check the links in the description box.  
I have laid out some corporate bonds that you 
could consider investing. In the interest of  
full transparency, I'm an angel investor in 
InCred Money, the app that I'm recommending.  
So you can definitely go and check it out. It's 
not a push. I'm just suggesting one of the many  
possible options. One option is doing corporate 
bonds. Liquid debt fund, whatever you feel like,  
you guys do. This is an option that I am 
presenting to you. So I hope that this point  
is clear. So then comes the next critical point 
that, Akshat, I am not in that bulk zone. My  
portfolio has already been built. My 60, 70%, 
80% networth is already there in the market. I  
am doing a regular job. I'm making like 1,000, 
and out of this every month I do 50,000 SIP.
So what should I do with SIPs? See, again, 
going back to that chart that if you take  
a look at Nifty, Nifty is almost at its all time 
high. So anyways, here you are doing 50,000 SIP,  
technically. So should you do like step up 
SIP, step down SIP? I would suggest that you  
do a step down SIP. Step down SIP, what does 
it mean? Let's see. Under usual circumstances,  
50,000, you used to invest in the market. 
4, 5, you have mutual fund, etc. Don't do  
the whole thing. Keep some opportunity cash 
with you. For example, you would have noticed  
that Mr. Warren Buffett has started building his 
cash position. Some big investors have started  
building their cash position. Now, why is 
this cash position important? Basically,  
if you look at the technicals, we are at 
absolute peak, technically speaking. Technically,  
this is not a buyer's market from here. Let it 
fall either till here or let the channel breakdown  
happen or a consolidation might happen here. Who 
knows? It might fall like here. At some stage,  
that 20% correction, will come. It might happen 
that first the market runs up by 10% and then  
it corrects by 20%, or it might run up by 
30%, and then it corrects by another 20%.
So all those permutations, combinations keep 
on going. But whenever you find the market  
to be cheaper, then 15, 20% from its peak, 
that is a great time to bulk buy. Right now,  
I would say that, unless you are sitting on a 
lot of cash, have not built your portfolio much,  
then bulk buy,. For SIP investors, it makes a lot 
of sense to do step down SIP and wait for that 20%  
correction opportunity. I am also doing the same 
exactly because.. I'm sitting on healthy profits  
on this. This money is already invested. My equity 
portfolio is much bigger than that, much better  
returns, all that stuff. Because the idea is not 
to give you guys FOMO. The idea is to help explain  
you the concepts. So basically, now, if my 80% 
networth is already invested, I mean, I'm happy  
only that my networth has gone up. Now, if it 
breaks down, we will go and invest more money  
there. It's fine. So either way, we are going to 
win. So that's the bottom line. And that is how  
you will also become rich. Now, final two, three 
points. Number one, a lot of people will ask,.
See, all this boils down to how you are 
seeing your portfolio construction. What  
is it that you're thinking? What is your 
portfolio construction strategy? I teach  
all these things in my courses also. 
In case some of you are interested,  
please consider signing up. Feedback has been 
excellent. I would highly recommend you to check  
it out. At least listen to what people have to 
say. Everything is taught very, very practically,  
step-by-step manner. Youtube is very, very 
difficult because I buy something which is  
hated. Or at least, where the focus is not there. 
Now, let me give you an example. Take a look at  
PVR Inox. Now, PVR Inox, I'm just using it as 
an example. What you will notice is that see,  
the stock is available at almost, how many years 
old prices? Almost eight-year-old prices. What  
about numbers?. The company has done last. On top 
of that, PVR Inox is a mid-cap company, mid-cap  
to small-cap category. Now, you will think, it's a 
debt, it's a problem. Now, think about it. I mean,  
think about the business. That where did 
the problem for PVR Inox began? The problem  
was that in the last three, four years, So there 
was a lot of infighting within the OTT platform.
And OTT platform started gaining 
a lot of traction. There was a lot  
of war between geo cinema, Prime, and 
the whole world, like Netflix. Netflix,  
there was a mark out, that you 
share your password, you don't let  
them do this, you don't let them do that. All 
that stuff. So people were hardly interested  
in this. And moreover, pandemic, it just 
literally killed the business. So for example,  
here you will see this was the worst year. 
Right from 3400, it has gone to 280. Now,  
what has happened? In sitting in 2024, 
no one is even talking about like,  
OTT war and movie going war, all that stuff. So 
this industry has lost interest. No one is even  
bothered at looking at this industry. Everyone 
is thinking, and that's it. And EV battery,  
EV battery, artificial intelligence, machine 
learning, all that stuff. So as a result,  
people have forgotten the war between OTT 
platforms and movie cinema experience. Now, what  
is happening from a customer customer viewpoint. 
Now, if someone wants a movie experience,  
they want to go out with their friends, all that 
stuff. So where will they go? They will go here.  
And if someone just wants to relax, watch Korean 
dramas and whatnot, they will watch it here.
So what has happened is that There is a very clear 
customer segmentation that has happened. Now,  
if you go to South India, their customer behavior 
is very different. People prefer to see movies  
in the theater in South India. That is what the 
culture is. That is what many of my friends also  
do. If you're living in North India, then you 
might have a very different viewpoint about going  
to cinemas. What I'm simply trying to tell you is 
that even if you don't believe in this narrative,  
then a simple question comes, then how is it 
that the company is able to sell so much stuff  
for whatever?. Someone is buying it. No. That 
company must be doing something right in order  
to sell that Rs,400 Coke for whatever 
reasons. To cut the long story short,  
they have been able to increase their revenues. 
Eventually, this will translate into better profit  
because they took a lot of debt in order to make 
a lot of changes, be it in terms of their tech,  
be it in terms of consolidating operation 
or expanding to certain type of markets,  
making some pivotal changes, starting new 
businesses. For example, movie ticket business.
If you don't want to partnership, you want to sell 
additional products, all that stuff. So this money  
went into that. Now, are they becoming profitable 
over time? Yes, they are. Actually, if you take a  
look, it started with negative 123.07 EPS.. It. 
This is a solid stock which is present at a good  
time. Business is all going nowhere.. People will 
go to movie theaters whenever they feel like. And  
this, they have already proven by getting good 
numbers in the last two years. And eventually this  
will turn profitable. And the moment this turns 
profitable, it will at least hit its previous  
peak. So this is the concept of buying something 
unloved. There is at least an opportunity of 70,  
80% gain if it just simply goes back to its 
previous height.. Whichever company that you are  
picking at this juncture, be highly selected.. For 
example, if you take a look at HAL. So we defense.  
If you take a look at the stock price. For 
example, the stock price went from roughly  
554. What about PE? The stock is trading at its 
highest ever PE. Now, can it go even further?
Now, it can. But does it make business sense 
to buy these type of businesses right now? Now,  
if you're buying it here, then you better expect 
that PE-90 will reach, 130 will reach, and maybe  
it can. I cannot say that this will not happen. 
Markets can become highly irrational many a  
times. But there is no investment thesis 
because this is an extremely loved stock  
right now. And as a stock, if the correction 
starts happening, you might struggle to come  
out. So therefore, going by Mr. Mohanish Pabra's 
advice that, Hey, pick something which is hated  
and avoid something which is loved. This is very, 
very important advice for us to keep in mind at  
this juncture. Final point that I will suggest you 
is that please make portfolio-level decisions. For  
example, you speak about HDFC Bank every time 
and HDFC Bank is not running. Hdfc bank is not  
the only stock in my portfolio. It is like 5% 
of my portfolio. 95% of my portfolio comprises  
of other things. So for me is not working. But 
on the flip side, I have doubled my money in  
something like Zomato. I have doubled my 
money in something like IDFC First Bank.
I have doubled my money in Meta. I have doubled my 
money in SMCI or tripled my money in SMCI. So the  
point is that whatever non-growth is happening 
from here, it is getting compensated here. So  
therefore, you have to make portfolio-level 
decisions. Final point is that always be  
aware of the opportunity cost of your money. For 
example, if let's say this month, you could have  
invested 1 lakh, but you chose not to. Then 
next month, you could have invested 1,000,  
but you chose not to. Next month,, this has become 
close to one year. Nothing is happening. You are  
sitting at 12,000. Then you need to really ask 
That's why you ask yourself that, Hey, what is the  
best use of this money for me right now? Should 
I now go and invest in the stock market? Should  
I not invest? So you have to make these decisions 
here. For example, if you're not investing this 1  
lakh in the stock market, go and invest somewhere. 
For example, pick some basic bonds, or you could  
go and do liquid debt fund. That's my simple 
point, because then your money keeps on getting  
devalued. I mean, almost inflation in our segment 
will be 10%, people who are watching these videos.
So it's important to not lose money 
through these investments. Very,  
very critical. So that's the basic advice 
that I'll give you. I hope that you enjoyed  
this conversation. If you did, do press 
the like button and I'll see you soon.