How do social media creators make money?
and in what ways do they earn money now?
Brother, ultimately we have money because of you.
If I earn, I feel that sometimes
Come out and tell you the inside stories too
Should be given for transparency and
Educational Purpose If you are a birder
If you are a creator and are stuck somewhere then maybe
You also learn something new from this video
Implement and grow in 2017
We started Labor Law Advisor and now
It's probably been 7 years of content creation.
RJ and I have full time jobs.
Mainly we are a small team of 12-15 people
People facing labor loss personal finance and
Provides awareness on scams
We have a following of 6 million, this is why you
Understand how much wealth one would have acquired just from that.
Now I am going to tell you this is money
Minded Mandeep Welcome Back To The
[music]
Channel This Video Is Spun By Odu More On
That Later As A Creator You Have Money
There are different ways to earn and if you
If there is a uterus then the first method is done.
Do you keep making videos all day long?
Also get 4.8 million subscribers
Brother, you must be earning crores of rupees.
Neither number is available on the subscriber.
You get advertisements on views if you
You are watching the video and at the beginning
Somewhere in the middle and at the end you will find an ad
I saw 55 shares of that ad.
You will get 45 shares
To join youtube4 program you have to
Must be eligible and many years in advance
There was no eligibility criteria
You just upload the video and views will come and add it.
If you go then money will appear in your Adsense account.
You will be charged as soon as $100 is crossed.
Withdrawal
But overall 10000 views had to be crossed.
Only then your videos can be monetized.
Then in 2018, Logan Pall went to Japan and did some research.
created a scandal and many brands
Felt like there is no place for youtube2 ad there
Friendly content does not come and our name
It would be bad to post an ad here, so said
It is believed that this is why
youtube1 and 4000 hours watch time
Complete tumors are also called ad polyps.
And since the recent shorts came out
Now the conditions have been revised again
There is an assisting condition and one more
There is an alternate condition between these two.
If you fill any then you are eligible.
You can, the second condition is that 1000
On all shots including subscribers
You got more than 10 million views
Now how does this program work?
If you have seen the beginning of this video
Some Ad Dekh Lia Some Times Unskippable End
Some times skippable after 5 seconds meaning
You could have seen a three role if I told you.
What does it mean if an ad comes while you are speaking?
It was a mid roll and after the video ended
Even after that, if you persist and then the ad comes, then
That was a post role along with that there are
Also display ads, money from all these ads
When
youtube4 we get 45 youtube0
Revenue depends on many factors
Remember the first factor is the economy.
202122 Bull run was going on in the market
Home loan interest rates fell to 4%
Every startup was getting salary at Rs. 6
Funding was being received and companies were doing IPO.
This was extra in the market
Liquidity had come, where will it go?
Startups will do their marketing
Significant part of marketing budget
A month passed in youtube1 when our
monthly ad revenue youtube crosses 1 lakh
It was said that geography is the second factor.
Your shoe brand is your shoe ad
Want to run more shoe ads in India?
You also have to drive in the US
youtube1's marketing budget is also higher
This means that if our audience is US
If I am sitting and watching a video then those who
The ads that will be shown will be expensive ads and
If they increase our revenue then run ads
We understand how much money it takes
It means that the teaser was received from CPM at cost.
How much does it cost to show your ad to a thousand people?
Spending money now because of all the ads
Doesn't rate the same on keywords
Will depend and will depend on factors
And the rate of each ad is different, so our
Near
It is for youtube2 and we have our
If you see the CPM number then I have told you
Our life time CPM has been opened, we are in this
Can clearly see that in 2018 we
11 months before we were monetized
Worked in unemployment and in the beginning
Our CPM was around ₹80 sometimes increasing
He used to touch ₹1 per rupee and after Covid
This CPM in Maths even reached 5060.
If we look at later times, this CPM
It started reaching around ₹1 and we
Fast forward to today's date.
CPM averages around 200
Do you understand the meaning of this advertisement?
Money for showing ads to people before Covid
Were giving around ₹1 and after Covid
₹2500000 Our CPM ran in India
157.5 on an average last 365 days at 0.9
Views came to us from the United States and
Its CPM is literally 910 times ₹1 38
Similarly if someone is watching in Pakistan
People are watching from Pakistan on 1.1
So spend only ₹ on Pakistan's advertisements.
Are you staying or advertising in Pakistan?
Spending is the third factor
Industry and Target Audience When Brands
Targeting is also done keyword wise too.
If targeting happens then think that if
You have to run an ad on one keyword, that same keyword
But if other brands also want to run ads then
You guys will bid and the ad expenses will come naturally.
This means it will increase if I do something hot
I am making a video on the topic i.e.
iphone.com
but I keep telling everyone like this
I am there friend
[music]
[music]
BMW's Prank Gone Rang Its Ad Revenue
Let's see an ad of Rs. 00 on about 900 views.
Now I will give you another video to generate revenue.
Let me show you, its title is 10 Hidden Conditions.
Of health insurance on this around Rs 76000
Views are such that it can be said that the first
There was a video which had 130000 views.
Just double or slightly more than double views
If yes then the earning should also be double but the earning
Here it is much more than double 10500
Double is ₹2500000
But the first video is April Fools'.
A few ads have come which earn 00
Those are also the AIDS which are generic.
There are AIDS for example tooth paste
Gaya Bikaji Bhujia is such a product that everyone
The one who uses AIDS comes to his butt.
More targeted ads are not available and this is
There is a problem with bloggers too if they
The titles are like I got gas today
Mom threw me out of the house, this happened today
If it happens today, it is very generic.
Titles have become how ever a lifestyle
There is a blogger who has cracked it.
You see the titles, he will speak today.
BMW's will also run ads. Today I started Nike's ad.
If you take shoes then they are basically a little
This is why the movement towards material birth keeps happening
Because then you get money on that only
And if people see the same thing then Rahul's
Bullet ads will come in bullet blogs
It will come along with it, guns ads may also come.
In some other country ours
youtube1 reached 52 million views in 2024 and
Our ad revenue on that was around ₹
108000 this is our share now you will get 50
Even after million views he earns so little money
so because
Most of the revenue is generated long term.
Because of the ads that appear on the video
When shorts come, we post daily
And frequency of long videos weekly one
And we can also see its breakup
347 rupees were earned due to long video
And contribution of shorts in the same month
It was ₹5000000 so if you want to come up with an idea
How much money is there for how many views?
Shows you an individual long video
I just made a video last month
Made Six Reasons Keeping You Poor
You guys also liked the thumbnail a lot
Currently it has 1 million views and it
Life time revenue is ₹1 45000. Come on.
Creators of niches other than finance
Let's call and see and ask them
What was their revenue from turning it on?
How are you? Very good sir, please tell me how.
great, great, just keep going
Oh they don't know this is the sky
Chaudhary India's Most Trusted Automobile
Creator and my very good friend so yaar
Tell me one thing about your last month
[music]
And there is a 1.6 million views here and
These decreased in the last 28 days
No
Subscriber I said how come it is so less
Views gone here Views which are last 28
day is 5.1 million and revenue is 197
523 Is this average or has it increased this month?
Or did the average decrease a little this month?
This is what is going on, meaning basically this is what ticks.
This means these are almost average views.
Slightly decreased but revenue average is because
went because
Neither increases the revenue share a bit
Because some people also walk above him
And this is a bit much for the company
Other wise I should have been around 150 160
It should have been there but it's around 197 right now.
it happens that
[music]
It's less relatable if you tell me yourself.
Ajay Devan SR's and Akshay Kumar Gutke's
If you add it, it will hurt both you and me.
Know that two of these people are not Gutka
Eat But Creators On The Other Hand Gutka
Eat butt creatures on your other hand
And rise up from people like me
People like you and me are our favourites.
Creators watch as they wish
Subscribe as per your wish and
Follow Brands That Thought
Has dedicated video integrated video
Meaning the usual content I create
I will make the same for a minute or two in between.
The message of ad break or sponse is for
I will tell my people that I am dedicated.
Video means that we
We are not creating usual branded content.
Making a special video on request
In which we can see its product for a minute or two
Promote throughout the video, not for
If it has to be done ethically then
Integrated video which we are making completely
Have butt cum inside her for a minute or two
We are just segments, we are just segments.
Get verified from the brand and that too only
So that we do not misrepresent any fact
Don't let every brand like this now
doesn't come because they want it to be complete
We control the video with the brand.
Work when the overall video
We have editorial control, right?
That brand has the video in which we
They are giving opinion, they are giving education.
It should be our words, not the brand's
For example this video also has sponse
But spawn sir and you guys this video first
You are watching this only after the release of time
It's not like Spon sir did this video first.
If you have seen this then let me tell you the picture of Rosie.
Reality is so dirty that many times
So the script itself gives the brand and speaks.
You just read it and tell me and you also
You must have noticed a lot of this gaming betting.
The creators of the apps who
They are promoting people also
Give because there is a script in front of them
It comes and now they read it and say
If we talk about how much money is made then its
There is no right answer, there is no one big one
Creator to do an integrated video ₹1
Even a lakh can be taken and someone small
Creator, same niche, same promotion, Rs.
Can take lakhs also this is exactly like
Stock market where you buy any stock
Sadly I can't figure out the fair value.
LLA can't tell you this number
Because this is confidential to me
To hide from brands and agencies because
These people play games many times, this is the story
Let me explain some other time and if you are a birder
If you are a creator then think that a video
Pay on an average how many views do you get
According to those views you have a range
It ranges from ₹1 per view to ₹per view.
There is no rule or formula, these are those numbers
That's what everyone in the industry is charging.
Views are at ₹1, they will charge.
Whose credibility is a little less on ₹
Those people who have more views will charge
And those who charge more than Rs.5
There are people but I'm sure as long as you're there
By the time you reach there you will have figured out that
What do we charge you at LLA?
charge the highest or want to
Because We Reject More Brands Than We
Promote because of that people's trust in us
And now the brand also knows that
If we get promoted on LLA then ours too
We will increase credibility a lot
Have worked with influencers but I
Think the Kind of Trust That LLA
Followers Have On LLA Really Shows Because The
Conversion of leads the actual order
Placement from Leeds was the absolute best
Best from LLA Comparator to any other
Influencer in India the best part is
LLA is quite transparent in terms of
what they want to do what they want to say
Anything he doesn't want to say?
Do not do so because of which their customers
Or loss of audience, this is what
LLA is worth this is what we deserve and
This is what you deserve this brings me
Third source of income after income but first one
A little back story for the first time in 2021
Once I got a good sponge he said you six
Make Video on Life Insurance Pay Per Video
We will give you ₹2000000 only then we will regain our senses
Were blown away because above 0000 we never
I didn't even charge the first video
Created and sent to the brand for review
The brand said, hey, you have asked other companies
Why have you mentioned the name of Limited?
Why pay and return of premium is wrong
I have told you to cut out this part.
I said, the part will be like this, you will remain like this.
get your money back that video
youtube2 way to give you the best term
Told me how to pick up insurance
But in order to be unbiased, we
I have caused a lot of harm to myself, now we are thinking about it.
I thought, friend, we refuse everyone.
So how will we earn money then we made
Strategy We will do what we have been doing
That is will tell you how bad
Insurance policy identity is how to get away from them
How to live by finding a good policy
Have to buy so that you can secure your family
You can do it. Got a lot of love for this strategy.
I made a 43 minute long video Health
On insurance which was seen by 8 lakh people
There is no praise for any brand in it.
On the contrary, you will get only evil but then again.
We asked for your support i.e. now you have to work
If you feel that we have told you something
If you have given value then you can follow our link.
Go buy or compare the policy so that
You can support us indirectly
There is not even a single rupee extra by doing this
If you have to give reverse in many scenarios then you
You will get discount only on 10-2 not 20
10 But we get the freedom to make videos
We will not become puppets of any brand.
We will need the words of a brand
We will not have to tell you the bottom line.
Rejected every sponsor who wanted to support us
Wanted to control the script and
A rule has been made in insurance that
To any life or health insurance brand
We will not promote sponship
If the company wants to take money then miss all this
Selling may stop, why doesn't it happen?
We always want to keep asking these questions
That's why no life or health insurance
We do not take money from the company, Afeel Income Ye
If it happens, it is promotion but sponsorship.
Doesn't happen because in spawn sirship
Upfront money to the creator for making a video
Found there is nothing like this in Afit
Because the brand asked me to make a video
The biggest example is that the money was not given.
amazononline.in
Are you creating content for any niche?
products amazononline.in
Open an account but only half a percent of it
If only people trade then we can say that month
I got an additional spawn sir so big
There is no income but it serves as a backbone
Because many times small creators have to
There is tension, isn't there a new one next month?
Sons will come, salary will not come
How will you finally generate another revenue?
The source that is most important
The creator is there to scale
Now you also have his own products
You have your own product and you
If you want to scale online then you need a
If you need an e-commerce store, then
A simple, efficient and affordable
The platform is an open source ERP.
And is a CRM platform where you can manage your
To manage all business operations
You can get all the apps just by going to Odoo.
Click on Start Now It's Free
Start your business in just four easy steps
By entering the basic details of a functional
Creating a framework for an e-commerce website
After that you can use OO's website builder.
You can customize your website by
And then it's ready to launch it is very
Simple to use now there is an online store so you
Products have to be added for that.
Product name Price on product page
Description and description of the product
You can add multiple photos very easily
Infact you can customize everything
Even multiple variants of the product
You can also put it by editing the end buttons.
You can get real stock of every variant here
Time will also be updated for you.
Inventory management will also be much smoother
as well as the website of
Your convenience on Edge just comes to you on Google2.
To list multiple products here
Have and want to start your selling and
As you already know the first application is
Absolutely free to use forever with
Unlimited hosting and support included
Even a custom domain for the first year
OO's e-commerce app is free of cost
You can find the link in the description and in this video
Find it in the top comment or pin comment of
You will see this after the video is over
Be sure to check out what we did in LLA last fall.
Both digital and physical over many years
types of products have been created and
Scale has also been talked about physical product
If you do then we have our flagship Jagrook
Journal which was sold for the first time in 2022
2000 copies sold 6000 copies end in 2023
Around 12000 copies of 2024 version sold
Not everyone is a pro at journaling.
We have created a guided journal that will give you daily
Asks questions first question I will remember
Buy Today Here you will write your memory
And the second question forces you to
Reflect on your life and then
Answer that now, how did we design it?
What was the thought process of the customer?
How to create a journal overall for feedback
How much was spent on marketing?
How did the marketing expenses come about?
Vigilant RJ and Clumsy &D who journaled
These two have led a very
Made a great video in which you
Opened all the numbers transparently
So that if you need some of your e-commerce tomorrow
If you want to start a business then you have a
Have a road map for how to scale things
Must watch this is a master class
We have another physical product that is
Has not been launched yet is about to come
What is the name? Can I tell you what the name is? Hello friends.
Drink tea aware tea of ​​our product
The name is, there was some interest in this field
So we thought why don't we have a tea
Make But His Story I Think Launch
It's better if you come after, not cumming.
To digital products first we
Actually this is what we created and we have courses
And these are quite niche courses, first of all we
To prepare challan of EPF and ESI
Courses were created for payroll processing
Courses were created which were designed for accountants and
Were more useful for HR professionals
After that we widened the niche a little
All of you should make end taxation related courses.
Know the hacks to save tax for salaried
Employees for Business Professionals for
Freelancers and Consultants in Sab Pay
We have different courses and they
We also have master classes as well
Master of Real Estate and Capital Guesses
The class is our flagship master class.
People Have Been Saying It's All Drops of Heaven
But What Ever Courses and Master Classes
Our chest swelled with pride also
That's because as many of our courses as possible
In depth and easy to understand at that level
To match everyone in the industry
Especially our taxation is not possible
For courses we have our super
CA Anoop Bhatia is dead due to his teaching
Undertaker also wakes up no kidding
Hello
Friends we have real feedback from
Students means those paid AI generated comments
No real feedback from our students and
If anyone has attended then you guys too
You can write in the comments and we have more
Other creators also have feedback
Who himself said that your taxation
There is no match for the courses of No Buddy
It's bad, even after that we don't give up.
FRIDAY COMMUNITY HAS LIVE QNL
And the teacher himself would come and answer the questions.
Is anyone interested in our forums also?
If someone asks a question, we answer it.
Must write. Apart from this, last year we
Cohort also did Finance for Teens
In which we explained finance to children
The one about investing and stock market
Finance is not the one that children
Must be taught but unfortunately
But this is not taught in their schools.
That was a pilot project we did 100
These parents had co-coed with the children
The feedback came very strong which
Motivated to scale it further
Now we're just figuring out a little bit that
What should be its proper model because
This is a cohort so there will be live classes.
If we have batches then we can solve this problem.
want to have more children how
Arriving while maintaining the same impact
That means that one on one experience for the children.
If you want to meet then I will break up with you
so spons ship afit
This is 80 per hour of revenue and our
own products are 20-25 and this
Why do we have to reverse so that
We are a little less dependent on the outside world
Ho and more on your own product
Make better products for people
Get spinner ship in afit and youtube1
The problem is that if the market is going well
If companies have money then that money is ours.
Even till now the market is not doing well
If yes, then any government can do the opposite also.
Due to new rules or regulations of
Revenue stream may take a hit
It is also the prime focus of the Creator that He
How to make revenue from your own product
If it can generate then it shifts to 20 and 80
To do this we also have channel memberships
Launched channel membership which means
Join button next to subscribe button
Looks like that one is a nominal monthly
You can become aware by subscribing
producers and in turn we are aware of our
Some exclusive content to producers
give which has never been published outside
Exclusive podcast is also available in it
And we also take feedback from them that we can do more
Can we improve their inputs?
Consider and plan future content also
Yes, we have talked about all the types of income.
Recently we have come to the expense of
There was also sony.sab and probably z10 worth ₹2000000
Then we also had the Sigma 24 to 70f 2.8
two of
Lensation has 11 AA f 1.8 Podcast
mic audio interface black magic 8m dji
Wireless Mic Rode Wireless Mic Key Light
fill light ring light light up gimbals drone
And brother, keep the drone out a little.
I don't remember when I have to use it.
And what is the use of all this when this studio
If there is no possibility of keeping all this and shooting then
It cost Rs 1 lakh to build Studio One.
Studio 3 is not meant to be made
It cost Rs 4 lakh to make 3 and then this
Which is shooting in 4k 10 bit 422
Where to store its 100GB files?
If you do then a storage system of 8 lakhs i.e.
Sas Satya Ness Well then how will the shoot happen if
Production and post production team
If yes then editor one editor two editor three
Editor Four Editor Five Nice job done
How to start if the topic and
If there is no script then when will you become a writer?
I was the first one to come as writer.
Writer Three Writer Four Many Times Video
If you have to travel to make it,
Hotel flight food commuter video made
Who will post on social media
Distribution is good, so many people have become
Who will become their leader? Rohan edit on whom?
Will we buy software? How will we learn something new?
Buy AI software to cover all these expenses
Who will keep the accounts? Bring a master accountant.
Where will we all sit on my head?
Rent, you are bored of sitting in the office.
Renovate, renovation is going on now.
Minus all this from the other team room
Whatever is left is profit, we
What do you do when you take the team on tour?
We made a music video in 2022
Tell me how you felt watching Dia Jagwar Anthem
Will give bonus to the team and also salary to himself
Will give more significant money next video
Will also invest in making it but no
Complaints are fun while earning money too.
There is money and a lot of it gets spent.
Everyone's stomach is adequately filled.
There should be no greed in human beings.
Friend, click on the sponsor link.
Give some conversion check out Odoo from the
Link in the description and top comment
If so, you tell me, I would go read the comments.
am bye bye tell me in the comments
How was the information useful to you and how did it help us?
Do you understand the condition of the scene?
Are you able to earn money? Be honest with me.
Rahul is who he is and is doing everything from his side.
It's engaged but it's not running right now